review_text
I just got these headphones today, and they were a great deal on cyber Monday. They get 4 stars because the sound is really good for the price. Nice bass sound and good for canceling out my noisy office during lunch time.~Pros~-Good sound-long cord~Cons~Flimsy construction (they may break with lots of use, I'm only using during lunch at work and handling gently)Tight on my head (I have a larger head and they are a bit of a pinch)Overall I think they will work great, and I would recommend them for someone in a similar situation as me. I will update this if my thoughts change or it breaks.
Is very difficult to find one that fit to my ear, this are perfect. Thank you.
allgood
I have had others and this one by far is the best one. I love the sound and all it does overall! I am happy with this headphones and love the pink color also!
Love the sound and an adjustment to wireless for me.
The sounds is not what I was expecting pulse the battery life is not that great
I've got about 6-8 different ear buds and these are the first 'brand name' ones I got. They are also the worst sounding thing I own. Tinny, nothing from mid to lower tones. Low volume as you can't turn them up anymore. The paper work wants to get you to download an app to control the buds... why does everything want you to install an app?!? You shouldn't need an app for stupid ear buds. These can't be real sony brand, or something is wrong. Did I mention they sound like a tin can? Total crap! And why does everything say 'noise canceling'? I've not used these for calls but I don't understand how these can be noise canceling.
My daughter used it for less than hour and the sound went on it. Don't waste your money and time to return it. Disappointing as they look really nice.
The best bang for you buck
These are quite practical. Lightweight, easy to use and pair. However, they are too quiet for my taste. Also, they glitch the connection very y easily, both with Android and IPhone, so not the best of the best. If you are short on budget they are ok. If you can afford a bit more, then don't get these.
This is my third set of these headphones, not because they failed or anything, I just use this for working out and they get abused badly. Sound quality is pretty great, and they’re durable as hell.
The ATH m40x sound incredible. I find that the sound level though, is a little on the low side.  I Have to really turn up volume level to get to listening levels. Very good guality sound profile. You will hear things in your music that you might have missed before. Overall very happy.
Great set. Our boys love them
I was gifted these for my birthday, and I love them. The sound quality is really good — especially for relatively inexpensive headphones — and they’re easy to pair. The noise cancelling is awesome. But the best part is that you can easily and comfortably wear them all day: not only are these gentle on your ears and head, the battery is really impressive. I have only had them for a few weeks, so I don’t know how long that will last, but so far I’m really impressed. The carrying case took me a second to figure out how to get them back in in a way that fits (you’ve gotta bend as well as turn the earpiece flat, which was apparently beyond my abilities for a while), but it’s a great, small size that fits in my work bag easily so I can take these everywhere I go.
After looking over countless reviews and words of wisdom, I decided to purchase the HD280 for the noted incredible sounds quality and isolation. However, I overlooked the "vice grip" reviews that some posted regarding comfort since so many others raved about the amazing comfort.When I received my package today I was extremely excited until I actually tried the headphones on. The material around the ears is not the soft leather-like material I had anticipated (like Bose AE2's) and rather is a though plastic feeling material that is not uncomfortable, but I definitely did not find it especially comfortable. The vice grip effect was really what killed these headphones to me. As a gamer and listener I wear headphones for extended periods of time and within 30 minutes of wearing these I had a ridiculous headache. Despite the fact that the sound quality these headphones provide is true amazing, it is impossible to enjoy the amazing sound quality when your head hurts extremely badly. I understand that this comes with the territory of having such amazing isolation and the closed, over the ear design, however this pain was truly unbearable. After trying them once more this afternoon, I packaged them back up and send them back to Amazon for a refund.I am very surprised that reviews similar to this were not popularized since the pain was (unfortunately) unbearable for me, perhaps I am the only one.I currently am using a Razer Carcharias and I was looking for an upgrade in terms of sound quality and isolation as well as a headphone that works in order settings besides at the computer, however I could not sacrifice comfort to the degree that the HD 280's did.I am unsure what headphones I was going to purchase (Sony MDRXB500?) next but in the future I will not buy headphones that I have no tried first.
After having 3 different pairs of the Cowin E7 that worked flawlessly, I got a pair of these. They look identical, but these crackle horribly while syncd up. I went back to a pair of ear buds while waiting for a new set of headphones. These are a garbage product and without a doubt NOT the same as the Cowin E7's. Avoid them and spend the extra $10 to get a better set of something else.
Sounds good and well built.
Just received these and they connected seamlessly to my Galaxy Note 10+. I look forward to using them at work.
SD card play feature a great feature. Sound quality decent, volume control very solid. Battery life really good too. However as I did yard work the third week of owning, they slipped off my head as they had before. But this particular time I felt them slipping and caught them in hand. They snapped. Wow. Broken hearted. Also they are substantially cheaper just a few weeks later. Metal headband is what I'm looking for next time.
I have trouble keeping earbuds in my ears, so this style is perfect for me! I love that it doubles as an ear warmer too when I go on walks! Very soft and comfortable. Sound quality is surprisingly good too. Easy to operate. My only complaint is that the control panel is front and center on the forehead. But it works okay to rotate that part to the back. Or I have even put a thicker ear warmer over it when I go on walks in the cold. Overall super happy with this purchase so far!
Wish the headphones didn’t feel cheap. Could’ve been made with a more durable material than plastic. Makes it feel like you DON’T get what you pay for.
Wow! Amazing quality and value!!!! Love these so much! They totally rival the Samsung pro earbuds my husband has. Tozo is a fantastic brand with great customer service!
Beautiful headphones and worth every penny. Partners my Little Dot mkIV SE tube headphone amp perfectly. Prompt delivery and well packaged
I first purchased these 10 years ago (I still use them) I bought this pair as I new how good they were and my wife needed some good headphones.
I own a pair of SHP9500's, and I honestly prefer these more just because of the bass. They sound great, nothing can compete in this price range.
No, just no! For me these headphones are awful. They never stay in my ear no matter how I adjust or alter them. You will find that if it wasn't for the hooks over your ears they would never stay on. Matter of fact, even with the over ear hooks they have fallen off my head multiple times during light physical activity. Just Don't!
They worked for less than a week of daily use for work before they crapped out on me. And they weren’t as comfortable as I was hoping for anyway.
I have been using these for 6 months now and love them they do so much with the dual head jacks they serve many purposes for me... The base is actually very good then add the price factor and you can't go wrong, I was a lil hesitant at first thinking they would be sub-par but they have really been a great pair and durable...
Un amico esperto me l'ha consigliata ed io la uso quotidianamente. Leggera da indossare, adatta per ascoltare la musica dal cellulare, suono, a mio parere, gradevolissimo ed equilibrato...nitido, realistico. Consigliatissima
Gostei bastante do headset, qualidade do áudio e microfone muito bom. ótimo para as calls de jogos com os amigos ou para alguma reunião de estudo ou trabalho. Meu único porem com ele é o tamanho do fio que é bem curto, recomendo q comprem um cabo extensão para P3 caso precisem de um tamanho maior de fio.
Ich benutze den Kopfhhörer haupsächlich für mein Yamaha E-Piano und lege deshalb Wert auf einen natürlichen Klang. Diese Voraussetzung erfüllt der Sennheiser HD 599 zu meiner vollen Zufriedenheit. Da er ohrumschließend ist, bekommt man an warmen Tagen auch leicht warme Ohren, aber es geht. Die Klangquelle scheint sich in einigem Abstand zu befinden, es dröhnt einem also nicht direkt ins Ohr. Das macht ein längeres Musikhören (auch länger) sehr entspannt und angenehm. Ich habe den Kopfhörer hier für 142 € gekauft und finde das Preisleistungsverhältnis sehr gut. Das Design ist Geschmackssache. Meine uneingeschränkte Kaufempfehlung.
These headphones or dope I love em
Great quality and my boys love them! Super comfy to wear and love the sound control.
These have much better sound quality than all my other bluetooh heaphone in this price range.  They are very comfortable. I use them until completely drained daily for the last year or so.  Over time I have noticed the battery life is decreasing but I use these a lot so it's understandable.  I liked these so much I just ordered a second set. If I had to find a complaint it would be the charging jack, very low tolerance for angles so you have to align the plug exactly right. But this is really nit picking.
why does it keep cutting and then playing and cutting?
Seemed like I used this a looong time before needing to recharge.  The sound is good and I love the noise cancellation.  It isn't completely noiseless but enough that I can enjoy my music while not being totally unaware of what is happening around me.  The fit is comfortable although with my glasses sometimes it feel snug.  Overall I am pleased with this purchase.
Audio impresionante cancelación de ruido muy buena y audio espacial igual lo recomiendo ampliamente
I was happy at first because the sound was so good and it fits perfectly in my ears. But after, a few times of using the earbuds the left side stop working properly. It keeps saying, low battery and turns off after a few minutes,even if it’s fully charged. I tried to contact the seller but i never got a response. Now, i regret buying the earbuds, it was a waste of money.
Weird hybrid of on ear and over ear that just results in cramming your ear into too small of a space. Sound quality and noise cancellation were nothing special. Wouldn’t recommend.
This product was exactly as advertised.  While you can tell they are not the highest quality, they are awesome for the price.  They sound very good and get the job done.  For 5 headphones at $10.99 that sound good and look nice, you cannot beat that deal.
They sound great, but this is the second time I've gotten them. I hoped that the first time, the arm breaking off was a fluke. But the second time, it broke off within a month, and because I was out of town without access to Amazon, I also missed the return period. So now I've got yet another pair of these damned headphones with only one side able to be used.Fix the terrible clip design!
1 yr later and all components work great. Sound and overall quality is awesome.
The sound is great; clear, crisp and clean. They are comfortable but a bit heavy when I compare them to my HD 595s but then again my  595s are as light as a feather. I use these at work with my CD player and my desktop computer and they sound great. I have the headphones on all day and I do not get tired of them even with my glasses on. I have tried many headphones in this price range and these are by far the best. They easily compare to other headphones that are in the over $300 and up class. It comes with a long coil cable that doesn't weight me down at all.
I really like this product, its very good and affordable.
Awesome Headphones!! Arrived Quickly. Awesome Seller. Thanks. :)
It was really good.
This headphones are awesome. The only drawback is the weight. But if you are used to overhead ones, go for it.
the headphones look Big ur head. siri & being on da call with the headphones doenst work. battery is good. noise cancell is mid
Great all around
I have 3 of this and are amazing! Love them, the battery last a long time and the box charge them at least 3 times
These headphones are a great value.  The sound quality is excellent.  And being able to switch between a standard and mini plug is convenient.  Also they’re feel snug and comfortable.
Sound quality is great.  They could extend further for people with big heads.
Super audífonos calidad insuperable a ese precio, medios y agudos muy nítidos, graves suficientes sin llegar a ser excesivos, puedes tenerlos puestos todo el día sin sentir incomodidad. Aísla bien el ruido exterior, almohadillas super cómodas.  Vale la pena la inversión
the product is already defective and not working.
I love this kit. It has everything you’ll need and more to clean your earbuds. You definitely need it!
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                             Sound quality was good, volume was lower than I prefer. I never could get the built in features for answering calls or volume adjustment to work and didn't notice a difference on podcast setting vs anything else. All that was fine enough but the battery life was atrocious! Getting 10-15 minutes was the average and anything more was unheard of so I often used one and left the other charging then would rotate when I heard the low battery warning.
Awesome product .work as expected with my echo show .super great volume. 🏅
De verdad me da tristeza regresarlos, porque pues son caros, tienen calidad en la construcción pero que mal que tengan tan poca calidad de audio: resulta que del lado derecho se escuchan mas fuerte que del izquierdo, aparte en el lado izquierdo se escuchan mas opacos, con menos agudos,  eso si los agudos son muy buenos son filosos y nitidos, pero en el aspecto de los bajos se quedaron muuuuuy cortos para mi gusto, no se escuchan con profundidad, se nota cierta distorsión, ademas el aislamiento de sonido que ofrecen es casi nulo, comparado con mis sony xb550, ademas de que cuestan el doble que los sony, otro punto malo fue que mi pc no los pudo levantar muy bien, en si ya lo se que se necesita un amp pero estos audio technica requieren mas poder, por lo que no se pueden usar en una pc o un smartphone, requieren mucho poder para moverlos y de verdad es muy molesto porque no tienen buen aislamiento y gastar tanto dinero en un producto que hace lo mismo y mucho menos que uno mas barato es muy descepcionante.
I dislike nothing,I love the comfort, the sound quality and the functions
Llegaron en excelente estado recomendado
This is the new quality standard for Bose.Update:  Bose first response was to upgrade me to new headphones for half the price. I responded with threats of bad reviews such as this one. They have agreed to pay for the replacement pads. I suppose I’m satisfied, but it shouldn’t have been this difficult.
So I had purchased a Chinese brand saying they sounded really good and ended up returning them as soon as I opened them. I now purchased these Anker and man. These sound super good for under 100$. Anker knows what they are doing and they feel comfortable to my opinion.
I got these to have a set of travel headphones that could handle being thrown in my backpack. They’re very sturdy and fold down easily. The mesh cover on the cord is great for protection. The color is fantastic. They’re comfortable and easy to wear for long periods of time.As far as sound quality, they are okay. They’ll get the job done, but it’s a little bit of a tin-like sound. Noise canceling is also ok. It blocks a good deal, but not all.Definitely please with what I received for the price point 👍🏼
Great lightweight headphones. Beautiful sound quality and extremely comfortable. If u want thundering base then these aren’t for u. Great simple app for equaliser and NC on/off.
Por su precio la calidad está muy bien.Estoy contento con el producto se lo recomiendo a todos no se arrepentirán.
For the money, these headphones can't be beat.
These Headphones work very well and I love the Color of them...They are easy to connect to your phone and it also has a built in FM radio which is pretty cool..Overall, I love them and recommend them..They are very comfortable..
Noise cancellation wasn’t completely sound, with music playing, you can’t hear anything around you but just by themselves you can still hear a bit. Sound quality is pretty decent, I think the speakers might’ve blown a little bit because I listen to music all the way up but that could be user error.
Comfortable but the noise cancelation wasn't great for yard work and construction work. But good for gaming or if on an airplane.
The right ear bud does not work and I have read many complaints about the same problem for this product.
Week signal. Would be better if it had a volume control.
The comfort for my small ears is perfect. The sound is clear and wonderful. The noise cancellation works great!
Came with 5 ear headphones, and they work so good I definitely recommend these to anyone
I had misplaced my Jib somewhere in one of the company cars I drive daily so right away I drove to locations that showed this in stock. Got to them and they said they were sold. Immediately talked to a friend who always collects and recommended it since he likes going to run in the park or gym time.
Love that these are a better sale than Amazon. Definitely worth the price and the sound in the headphones is def worth the price the way it plays versus Apple AirPods. I love my AirPods but I now love these so much as well. AirPods are nice when your out and don’t want big headphones seen but these beats are killer when your home jamming or when your on an airplane if you fly a LOT like me. I’m in love. Got the black ones (I’m a female) and I love them. Love love love. Thank you again for having these 70$ cheaper than target!
I purchased both iClever and Elecder41 kids headphone at the same time for my kids.  In term of construction, I feel that Elecder41 is a bit more sturdier and looks better.  I also like the way the Elecder41 is folded when packing away and not in use.  Sound quality is about the same.  However, giving an extra star because of great customer service!
O fone é robusto, com construção muito boa e possui uma qualidade sonora incrível. Ele atende muito bem a produção de audio profissional, tendo resposta de frequência “plana” e transientes bem marcados. Superou as expectativas.
Couldn’t even get the phones to work. Need app. App won’t pair. I regret the purchase.
On the plus side: These units are functional, and the sound quality is very good for a $20 pair of headphones. The big appeal for me is the neck strap and the over the ear clip. This is great when hiking, biking, and performing other outdoor activities where an ear bud alone is prone to falling out of your ear.On the negative side (and where it is really pathetic): Although it plays around 10 hours on a full recharge, the unit dies after about 7 months of duty and will no longer hold a charge - and thus becomes trash since you can’t replace the battery.
The media could not be loaded.
Earbuds have great sound. Fit my ears perfectly and are an excellent value. Highly recommend!!
Active noise cancellation seems to work well. Sounds good so far.  Haven't had them long enough to test the battery.I had a pair of Sony noise cancelling ear buds before but lost the charging case and they were prohibitively expensive to replace.  I note that the site sells the charging station on these.I'm happy to report that these headphones allow you to change the volume from the headphone, something Sony didn't have on theirs.  My only problem is that the system of which headphone must be pressed where and for how long has a bit of a learning curve.The command voice is a bit weird on these.  There's a heavy accent on the voice, but it's perfectly understandable. New today, but so far does as good of a job and has more features than the expensive high end devices did a couple years ago.
Theyre actually pretty good for the price. Sound quality is not the best but you get what you pay for. They're definitely amazing as backup headphones and the battery life is good.
Super beau son a ce prix vraiment bon achat
Good quality, comfortable to wear, noise cancellation is very good.
The sound is great but it doesn't pair with my iphone 8. Big disappointment there. Also, my ears hurt when used for 2 hrs and they fit small. I have small ears and being over the ear style, I thought it would be a good fit, but they even bother my little one’s ear when used for a prolonged time. On the other hand, the headphones are compatible with an apple tablet. The headphones design look like those more expensive but up-close they are made out of a plastic material that not only looks cheap but that could break easily. I'll be passing them to my 6 year old son since they are compatible with his tablet.
I love my Mpows but when I got these, man what a difference, the bass was awesome, and the way you can actually hear the music and the clarity!  Well worth it! ❤️❤️❤️
My 7 year old was complaining about regular headphones. I saw these and I thought, let’s give them a shot. The shipping was fast, they came bundled up with their own carrying case, charge cord and the male to male cable if you want to use them with a cable after all. The battery lasts all day pretty much and my son loves them. He has ADHD, and these allow him to focus on what he’s watching and enjoy hearing the programs and videos. I highly recommend these headphones!
if you are just look for bass good but if you want for other types of music not the best
Got them for my boyfriend for Christmas he LOVED them.. being able to adjust the size was a plus to!
If you're looking for a good pair of earbuds that sound great I would suggest buying these. This is my go-to set for every day. They sound great they're very comfortable in my ears and the battery life is excellent. No Frills just good sound and if you put the right ear tips on they're awesome. I would highly recommend these to anybody especially for the price just make sure that you charge the batteries up first.
AKG sono sempre le migliori. Il rapporto qualità/prezzo di questo modello è Ottimo. Le uso nello studio di registrazione e posso garantirne l'efficacia. In studio ho 3 cuffie AKG. Queste sostituiscono delle cuffie AKG comperate 15 anni fa. Utilizzandole con cura, tenendole sempre pulite e protette dall'umidità, sono "eterne".
Love these earbuds! Super easy connectivity. The sound is great and for the price they are hands down fantastic! Noise canceling is a great feature, not quite as good as Apple but for 1/4 of the price!
Switches from device to device relative quickly, sound quality is good, nothing really that special. No transparency function while Other similar ANC headphones around that price point has that function. The microphone quality is unacceptable. Thought the microphone function might just have been a defective but after more research this is a common issue. Headphones do not power off automatically if disconnected from devices. Headphones randomly disconnects from devices as if it died with a full charge may happen multiple times after connecting.
I bought these as a gift for my mom. She loves them . Crystal clear sound and great battery life .
To give you some background, I am somewhat of an audiophile who plays guitar, records and produces music.  I have a lot of audio gear including high quality studio headphones.I got these for my 5 year old son because he will need them for kindergarten this fall.  He previously had a very cheap set of headphones that would fall off his head and the wires got tangled, he hated them and never wanted to wear them.  Well now he actually asks to wear these all the time!  He loves them.I tested them out when I received them just to see how they feel and sound - for the price (and for a 5 year old) they are excellent.  First of all they are very comfortable.  Both the headband and ear pieces are soft, silky padding that keep the cans from moving around or falling off.  Also, the wire is braided so it doesn't tangle, and its only on one side of the headphones so a young kid can get them on and off more easily.Sound quality is more than good enough for a child and they don't get TOO loud, which I'm sure most mothers will appreciate.  They certainly aren't studio quality, but they serve their purpose just fine.  They look nice too.I would say that these are overall an excellent pair of headphones for kids...stylish, comfortable, they sound good, and seem to be built very well.
I purchased the earbuds for their features like the water proof,  because you never know when the unthinkable might happen, the noise cancelation and finally sound quality. The ue cor was an added plus, but they have 2 other options as well. I compared them with a couple other options and this particular brand has the options/features that are what I have been looking for.
Comfy and sounds good but ability to cancel noise is pretty much non existent. You can still hear kids or people on the phone with this one.. sometimes it even makes them sound louder. Noise cancelling does work for hums and other low background noise and seem to work better when playing music (not listening to radio or someone talk)Update: After a year and 3 months, it died. The battery is dead and won't power on but when plugged it it shows a green light as if it is fully charged. Out of warranty now. Unreliable
La verdad es que los audífonos estaban ideales: tamaño, precio, calidad, todo. Desafortunadamente el auricular derecho dejó de funcionar de un momento a otro :(
Prodotto utilizzato per TV.. E lunghe passeggiate all'esterno...
I love a corded earbud so I can drop them around my neck while doing my thing but these are so awkwardly long that I got a different pair instead.
It has a sleek appearance except that i did not find this product so useful.Pros:-sleek design-fast chargingCons:-poor connection range (less than 4 mtr.)-poor sound system
È bello esteticamente e la qualità del suono è buona, ma il volume è troppo basso e, per esempio, all'ipercoop trovi delle cuffie da 10 euro che lo sovrastano da questo punto di vista.
Nice
Sound and comfort terrific. Can't beat the price.
The headphones were good quality but they have small earcups, so they can't be worn with earrings for long and they do make my ears sore. The noise cancellation is good but not amazing, but they work fine and are good for the price!
They are not as loud as I would like or what I expect jbl to be but it do cancel the noise around me. Will keep them as my work out head phones
Wir haben gleich 2 Kopfhörer für die Urlaubsfahrt mit unseren Kids gekauft.So konnte jeder die Musik seines Geschmacks hören und wir hatten Ruhe.Die Kids waren total von den in-ear-Kopfhörern begeistert.Der Sound ist Top das Verbinden kinderleicht und die Qualität hochwertig.Diese Kopfhörer kann ich wirklich sehr empfehlen!
They're good but the bass is eh
Purchased these for mixing. Sounds great. Nice flat response.  BUT have had them for less than a week, used them three times, and the cable has already gone bad causing the left side to break up. I sit right next to my mixer so I put absolutely no stress on the cable whatsoever.  Giving three stars because I really like the frequency response and sound.  Otherwise, I'd give one star and return them right away. Now I have to buy a cable replacement within less than a week.
Don't recommend these at all.  Skull Candy are usually good when your on a budget for headphones, but not when it comes to eat buds.
Good price, good quality. It is perfect for My daughter,10. She loves it!
Great
Es algo incómodo cabe mencionar que es la primera vez uso audífonos así pero el audio es excelente
The ear pieces are okay, but these hurt my ears. Would not buy again.
Había tenido los WF1000XM3 y los extravié, la verdad es que este nuevo modelo mejora los puntos débiles del anterior como un tamaño excesivo tanto del auricular como del case, ahora son mucho más prácticos, no son los audífonos más cómodos (son los AirPods) pero definitivamente ofrecen un audio excepcional y un aislamiento de sonido que me da paz, la pila es bastante buena y se cargan muy rápido.
I bought these because I got tired of pods falling out of my ears in the least favorable time (in spaghetti sauce, the toilet, etc!! eww!!)  The sound on these little earbuds is great.  I love rocking out.  Most of the time only have one in so I can hear the kids and still have amazing sound, with both in it is like being at a concert!!  The battery life, OMG!!  I have been using them 4+ hours a day for over a month and still haven't had to charge the base!!  I can use them up to 12 hours listening to the music on my phone without even having a warning to charge them.  And they are comfortable, stay on my ears and my favorite color!!  I love them!!!
Work really well. I use them for zoom calls and not music so I can’t attest to the quality with music. The only thing I don’t love is the wire is not so bendable so it’s hard to fold them up small to store.
Noise cancelling is decent. They are comfortable and I dig their controls. There are better out there but they are 2-4x as expensive.
Bought these for my mother who has needed new Bluetooth headphones. She says they really work well, and she sounds really good over the phone.
I bought these for my husband, his birthday gift and he absolutely loves them. He has had others before and these by far are the best he has ever owned. There is no point in spending more money on the higher end brands when these are better just buy them. You won’t regret it.
Conforme à mes attentes et je n'avais jamais utiliser de casque avec une réduction active du bruit et c'est franchement impressionnant
The media could not be loaded.
I'm an old man with a large head who needed a good easy to use headset.After going thru 4 different ones (headsets) I landed a big winner.  The Q20 headset is easy to use, fits my head very well and has simple easy to use volume etc etc buttons. Most of all the sound is great.The price is very competitive as well.
Me dejó con el deseo de utilizarlo diariamente.
They are perfect for remote learning. Bluetooth and a microphone, excellent buy.
Had to buy these for me daughter as I was sick and tired of listening to the sh ite she watched. That CookieSwirl C voice goes through me. Only issue was I thought the police were following me when she was wearing them in her high hair….. glad there is an off button for the LEDs
They are very cheap and are good quality definitely better than trying to get fake airpods. Dad uses them a lot while gardening but finds them a bit on the quiet side.
Well worth the money. Great sound and noise cancellation features.
Love the colors. Can't wait to try them. Will update after trying it.
My old earbuds constantly died while I was at work, these actually last me all day and by the time I get home! The sound quality is good for the price, and they don’t hurt my ears.
Sound randomly goes out.
Good quality, good sound, easy operation
I honestly don't recommend this. Noise cancellation and sound quality is fine, but only battery lasts a couple of hours. I have some TECNO earbuds that last almost 3 days without recharging. I have to recharge my Beats Flex everyday.
El sonido ambien es bueno, pero hay mejores.
listening to tv.
I can’t adequately give a true review because THERE WAS NO WAY forme to charge the earbuds. It comes with a six inch (at best) charging cord that doesn’t fit anything in a modern day house.  Disappointed.
Great.  Wireless, connects easily.  I love the feature that will pull the ear pieces back up into the headset...
These are reasonably priced headphones. They appear to be well made of good materials and very nice in fit and finish. They are easy to adjust and comfortable in use. The included cables make for a nice touch. Soundwise, I rate them good to very good. Not superb, as I would expect from headphones that cost four to six times as much, but good to very good. Certainly, a very good value for their price.
I’m pretty picky when it comes to earbuds. They either don’t stay in and/or they are uncomfortable. These didn’t budge AND were super comfortable!  No fidgeting with them at all! Hardly felt like they were even there. (Might be worthwhile to mention my ears are on the smaller side) The sound quality was great IMO too. I use these mainly for indoor cycling (at a fairly high intensity) and listen to music and sometimes chat on Discord. Both sounded great!  Can’t speak to battery life or anything else yet but fit & comfort were top priorities in my book so these definitely check that box.
Sound is obviously not Bose or Beats, but it's good enough for the price you are paying. They connect to Google commands great, but they also directly connect to Bixby (Samsung) for audio commands as well.Audio sound is probably similar to a value pair of headphones, but these are extremely comfortable (find myself forgetting I had them in), as well as connect for audio commands. Worth the money.
Very good sound
They were really easy to connect and they sound really good. The fit is amazing and very comfortable. Would highly recommend these to anyone.
They sound great and are comfortable on my ears. My only complaint would be the gigantic chord. If I take them to the gym or to run with I have to roll up the chord around my phone or shove the chord in my pocket making it a mess if I need to change the song or station.
JBL is known for great sound quality, these do not disappoint. While they don't have active noise cancellation, the base of the earbuds fit so snuggly in the ear that they manage to block out most external sound. I got them for 15 dollars but would gladly have paid much more for this JBL sound. The packaging was possibly the most irritating packaging I have ever dealt with but that's beside the point. Haha.
It stays on very steady as I run. My run can be over 2 hours and the battery is not near half gone. Enjoy them very much.
I like the comfort, sound quality, and being able to hear ambient sound around me.
I’m a budget audiophile. I originally tried the Q30, and they fell off my head too often but I liked the sound of them for the money. Got the Q20+ attest reading that the fit was more snug and found AMAZING value for the money. The sound of them wasn’t high-end, but it was enough that I really enjoyed using them and most of the time didn’t feel like I was missing out.At over twice the price, these don’t offer better sound. Maybe all the other features are better, but those features don’t matter to me. Also the fit isn’t as secure on my head, as it’s more similar to the Q30. If you have a small head, don’t care about the battery lasting a whole week or having the best possible noise cancellation, save $60 and get the Q20+. The build of the older model feels more durable also.The space Q45s are too bright, and not any more detailed in the mids than my old Q20+. I was looking for a sound quality upgrade so I’m going with the Shure Aonic 50 instead which is $100 more but a significant upgrade from my Q20+.
These Shokz are so comfortable and so practical I use them even when I'm not cycling. The sound is very clear, it connects immediately, has really long battery life (one charge lasts me about three days) and the fact that you can still hear everything going on around you is a real plus. Love them.
This product.I admire the power of sound, and in doing so i found different headsets are good for different applications. i have a set for gaming (razer tiamat (buy them it's like being able to see through walls)) i have an alienware for general wear and tear, but as i inched forward to a career in AV i found myself needing a solid middle of the road headset that was also comfortable enough to do work in. this has hit the marks for quality and versatility as well as remaining comfortable on the head for extended periods.its cheap but doesn't compromise. the bass isn't blown out like in the beats and the treble is clear and crisp which i appreciate. if you are doing on location work it isolates enough for live monitoring for boom or condenser mics as well as being fold-up-able to fit in our already overstuffed audio bag. its a great essentials piece for your budding kit if you are looking for something that does this job.
Every bit as good as Apple pro buds with more battery life.
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                             I loved this product , I loved that they are comfortable have a great quality and are easy to use
I was hesitant on the quality of these initially, but after using them for a couple months, I'm more than satisfied. The sound quality is great, the ear buds don't hurt when wearing them, and they dont fall off your ears either. The battery life is good but remembering to charge is the hardest part. Connecting to bluetooth devices is fairly easy and haven't had any issues with them yet. I'd recommend these to anyone who wants affordable quality headphones on the go.
bought before price increase
These headphones are great for the price you pay🤗
They kept falling out of my ears with the slightest movements, no matter which of the tips I used, and I used all of them.  So, I'll keep looking for a reasonably priced pair that include around the ear hooks.  At the gym, which is what I wanted them for, sound quality is important, but not critical.  Fit, and comfort, however, is.
This product is actually great!, I never took them off my Ears
Sound like a Bose,very impressive !Very good quality of sound with deep bass,awesome!
Great sound and comfort for the money. This is a perfect all-round headphone that isn't stellar in one category, but neither bad in any. Movie, music gaming and calls - these headphones are great. They do have an almost ridiculous size and is clearly meant for home use.
The sound is very distorted and only one side works. Have only had them about 3 months. Very disappointed.
Loved the waterproof feature and the power led indicator.
These headphones fit perfectly. Especially for someone who has trouble with air pods like me. However it is not loud enough (even with the right bud size in), the pods sometimes miss the charger and your left with only one pod the next day, and the phone audio is unusable. No one can hear me while I hear them perfectly. I was hoping these would be able to replace my air pod pros but the phone quality is too low. They are definitely water resistant. I use them in the steam room almost everyday.
My only dislike so far is that I think my ear might be a little smaller because they seem to not be like “in” it just seems that the outer part is heavier than the part in the ear. They did come with different things/cushions so I probably should try that before leaving this review.  If one of them work better I’ll come back and update
Kurz: Der Tragekomfort und die Haptik sind super (auch mit Brille keine Probleme bei längerem Tragen). Die Verarbeitung ist super, die Touch-Steuerung funktioniert echt gut. DIe Bluetooth-Verbindung ist gut, beim Filme schauen übers Tablet ist der Ton synchron und dank Bluetooth 5 hält die Verbindung auch über Distanz. Dass die verstellbaren Bügel nicht einrasten, sondern stufenlos sind, stört mich nicht. Die Gesprächsqualität über das Mikro ist hervorragend. Das Noise Cancelling ist unerreicht - doch ich habe einen Minuspunkt, der mir alle diese Punkte kaputt macht: In den Höhen klingt der Kopfhörer unerträglich. Die S-Laute sind unglaublich scharf, es klingt fast, als würden alle lispeln. Bei Filmen ist bei Action-Sequenzen in den hohen Tönen nur ein undefinierbarer Klangmatsch zu hören. Das macht das hören echt unangenehm. Zumal, wenn man einmal drauf achtet, hört man auch nicht damit auf. Kopfhörer, die unangenehm klingen, sind leider nicht durch die anderen Plus-Punkte aufzuwiegen. Ich bin jahrelang großer Fan der QC35 gewesen - diese sind aber von der Verbindung nie gut genug gewesen. Da Sony bald eine neue Variante ihre Flaggschiffes herausbringt - die 1000 xm4 - werde ich wohl darauf warten. Schade.
nice sound
Doesn't work properly on glass surface
Only had one good session with them, but after owning Sennheiser headphones for the last 20 years I can shed some light.These remind me of my first pair that made me fall in love with Sennheiser. Fairy cheap (all things considered) sound nice even though I expect them to sound better with time. Cushions are super comfortable. And they have that darker "Sennheiser" tone that I enjoy.Will be updating this.
After purchasing most of the budget earphones (since I am a college student on a minimal budget) found on Amazon, this pair has to be the best buy. These in-ear headphones challenge top-tier in-ears, even the well-respected Klipsch S4's. The sound for these $8 dollar headphones are simply outstanding, with the bass loud and thumping and the treble clear and crisp. The treble is clearer than the S4's but the bass is not as present and warm, but nonetheless still "banging". This pair is worth more than it is priced and therefore serves as a great pick for budget-given audiophiles. The praise given for these small but wonderful headphones cannot be explained but experienced since it truly is hard to believe that this pair can rival a $100 high-end headphone. Although the build is not as sturdy, with the cord constantly tangled and twisted and the era pieces being plastic, the sound more than compensates for the build quality. Despite this, these in-ear headphones/earbuds have lasted me for more than 5 months (and counting), keeping in mind that it was not used daily but majority of that time, at about 75% volume. If you've taken an interest in this product or are looking for high-quality sound  in-ear headphones, these are your pair.Here's a comparison of in-ear headphones I've owned:Rating 1-10 (Worst-Best)Panasonice RPHJE120K:Overall Sound: 9Treble: 9Bass: 8.5Voice Clarity:9Build Quality: 7Klipsch S4-II:Overall: 9Treble:8.5Bass:9Voice Clarity:8.5Build Quality: 9Klipsch S4-I:Overall: 9Treble: 8.5Bass: 9Voice Clarity:8.5Build Quality: 7.5SoundMagic E10:Overall:9.5Treble:9Bass:9.5Voice Clarity:9Build Quality: 7.5(First 2 weeks, left channel shorts/cuts it jack isn't plugged in a certain position)iLuviEP322SIL City LightsOverall:8Treble: 7Bass: 8.5Voice Clarity: 7Build Quality:7.5Sony: MDR-EX210BOverall 8.5Treble:8Bass:8.5Voice Clarity:8Build Quality:8.5Pioneer:SE-CL721-KOverall:8.5Treble:8.5Bass:9Voice Clarity:8Build Quality:9 (circa)I have personally used these headphones and typically listen to R&B (i.e: Miguel, Maxwell, D'angelo, Musiq, J.Cole, Kanye, Common)
Great for kids!!!
Needed a back up pair. Factory packaging and color.
Everything works great just when i opened the box the headphones were not wraped like if they were new, but the heaphones are very clean as if they are.
Great product, although I' ve been using it for few days,battery meets expectations.
These are reliable quality earbuds so far. Very comfortable to wear all day.
Very well built, comfortable on ears, very good sound quality, sturdy and stylish. Grandkids love these earphones.
I initially went looking for Apple Airpods, hoping to find a deal for Black Friday. However, a new version had just been released and prices were outrageous. I read the reviews for this pair, which was discounted to around $30. For that price I was willing to give them a shot and they've been great. They keep outside noise minimized and the sound is clear. I would definitely buy them again.
So far they have worked well.  I did not indicate battery life as we have not used the blue tooth feature, just plugged them into the iPad directly for my 5 year old.  The sound is really good.  They fit him really well and he will use them for school for the iPad there so he had to learn to plug in at home.
Great price for everything that was included
It's okay, i didn't like the sound quality, it presses my head causing headaches after putting it on for more than 30 minutes.I'm not happy with my purchase.
Great quality, size and sound. You are able to adjust volume on the earpiece. Rechargeable case.
Ordered these ear buds for our travel plans and after one false try with another product, these were ordered and work great. Wonderful sound, great little carry pouch.
Gift for my granddaughter and she loves them.
I wasn’t expecting a warranty! I didn’t pay extra to have it. And it’s a lifetime.
Très bon casque audio, finition et restitution du son au top.Casque ouvert oblige, les bruits extérieurs sont audible mais en dehors ça le son est très profond, je l'utilise sur PC principalement.Petit bémol, le son est un peu trop brillant à mon goût, j'ai pu régler ça dans l'égaliseur et est maintenant parfait !Côté poids, très léger, et les coussinets sont agréable, quoi qu'un peu dur au départ le temps qu'ils épousent bien la forme de la tête.Je recommande.
Only used them for aprox 12 hours of use left ear bud charges then dies in 5 minutes  and right earbud charges and lasts for about 2 hours can’t return them and can’t get my money back or a replacement from skullcandy so I thought I’d warn others before they spend 50$ on a product that isn’t worth the hassle
Beats Solo3 Review from an AudiophileApple is really doing it: they're taking a brand that has the dominant marketshare in the headphone marketplace despite having had subpar audio quality, and greatly improving it while adding groundbreaking features that will take the competition a year or two to catch up with. It's a bit of a genius proposition: purchase the most popular headphone brand that people buy solely for the branding and marketing despite abysmal audio quality, then rebrand it so that consumers are actually getting a quality product with innovative features. The Solo3 is a solid buy for most, even if its audio presentation isn't perfect.DesignAppearanceThe matte black Solo3 I'm auditioning is classy and understated. They're stylish without screaming "Beats" in a gaudy way like they did in the past. Unfortunately though, the two glossy options do cheapen the design. The rest of the options, particularly rose gold, are tastefully done.Build qualityDespite being lightweight, the Solo3 manages to feel substantial. There is no flexing, and the headband seems reasonably reinforced. The earcups do rattle, but they also swivel for a better fit so it's a fair trade-off.Comfort/fitPlush leather earpads make the Solo3 more comfortable than anticipated, while also being softer than expected making the Solo3 feel more like a cushion pressed against the ears. Very surprisingly they're the most comfortable pair of headphones I own, even more so than the huge ATH-700 with its velour pads. Perfect for glasses wearers as the earpads can be adjusted in a manner that's completely unaffected by frames. The headband is also soft and grippy enough that the Solo3 will stay in place no matter what. For the purpose of this review I can shake my head in any direction and the headband won't move, which makes it reassuring for use at the gym or for a run. They're a rare combination of being on-ear, comfortable, and fixed on the head.My ears can tend to get red and burn a bit after having these on for a while, but the pain is mostly felt after the fact and I'm working on adjusting the fit to prevent this. On the plus side, I can wear these longer than my other headphones with less pain.Isolation is excellent as well considering there is no active noise cancellation. (I dislike ANC anyway as it can muck up the sound and waste battery life.) At around 60-70% volume the outside world can be mostly blocked out, at least enough so that speech is completely inaudible.Bonus: even the driver (the part that emits sound) is padded better than I've ever seen, if you have extremely small ears then you're in for a treat. They really thought over the comfort design of these headphones.PackagingPremium Apple unboxing experience reminiscent of any other Apple product, with a bit more flair. The single complaint I have is that the included carrying case could be a tad more padded and premium.SoundBeats' Sound SignatureThis is where the review gets a little less glowing, though bear with me. I'm an audiophile, I've studied to a greater extent than I'd care to admit what makes for good sound. These aren't the type of headphones where a listener is going to hear every little detail in a song, but that's okay for listeners who haven't owned a better pair of headphones before; for better or worse, the mass market may not notice the flaws in the Solo3's sound.The sound signature is a colored Beats presentation with a massive low-end accentuation, forward mids, and a very laid-back treble. But you know what? Apple's Beats sound signature is exciting, fun, and sounds good with most modern music. Mids are nicely present, so voices and guitars will still be front-and-center alongside the bass. Some songs do sound off, and no amount of EQ is going to fix those that do. Nowhere else are you going to find such an accentuated bass with forward mids, but the faults are glaring:IssuesThe problem is the bass and and treble aren't accurate. Not even the bass is going to sound as it was intended to by the sound producer, and some drums have a bloated if not addictive-at-times sound that makes drum kits lose their detail. If you're going to be listening to music with mostly real instruments and no modern production, the Solo3 may not be the best option. However, the bass is mostly fine though it is accentuated and loses a bit of detail in the process. The low-end also bleeds into the mids a bit too much, which causes some details like a guitar in the background to potentially be lost.What needs finer tuning is the treble. Cymbals that have a fine detail on a pair of better-tuned headphones can be reduced to sounding more like a hip-hop "ticking" sound. The treble is frankly abysmal. I don't mind it being so laid-back but good treble needs to retain its detail.There is a positive to having such a lacking treble, and that is that there's less listening fatigue. Perhaps Beats was looking out for its customers who listen to these loudly, as the lack of higher frequencies make it possible to listen to these loudly longer.Bottom-lineHEY, TIM, APPLE, DR. DRE, AND JIMMY IOVINE: THE SOLO SERIES COULD SOUND FANTASTIC IF YOU FIGURE OUT A WAY TO RETAIN THE BEATS SOUND SIGNATURE (ACCENTUATED LOW-END) WHILE STILL HAVING A DETAILED BASS AND TREBLE. KEEP THE TREBLE LOWER THAN THE OTHER FREQUENCIES, BUT ACTUALLY MAKE CYMBALS SOUND LIKE THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO.These aren't for analytical listening, but for enjoyment they work well with most songs and genres. While most songs aren't going to sound exactly as they were intended, I'd recommend auditioning these yourself to see if it suits your personal music taste if you do listen to modern music (pop, hip-hop, EDM) alongside a mix of other genres.W1, babyWireless ConnectivityWorks as well (better in my book since there's no cable noise... or wire) as using a wired headphone with an iPhone. Pairs instantly out-of-the-box. Pressing the button on the Solo3 while it's unpaired will connect it to a modern iPhone/iPad seamlessly within two seconds. 2012 Retina MacBook Pro is a bit more hit-and-miss as it can tend not to show up as an immediately connectable option, though I'll look into that. Rock-solid connection though. I can move to another room and experience no cutting out. I was also able to watch an episode of Halt and Catch Fire with no lag and perfectly in-sync audio.Side note: The Solo3 are excellent for watching movies/TV; the soundstage is precise, and not too wide or closed-in, so it provides a great surround experience that brings background details to the surface as well or better than my open-back Audio Technica ATH-700. Meanwhile the accentuated bass brings a subwoofer-like excitement to movies while voices are crystal-clear.Wireless QualityApple worked some DAC magic into the Solo3 as they sound as good or better than they do using a wired connection. Oddly enough, I do find an extra bit of clarity using them with an iPhone 6s Plus than I do using them with a 2012 Retina MacBook Pro; it seems they both use AAC to transmit to the Solo3 but the iPhone's Bluetooth is 4.2 vs 4.0. However's there no need for ever using them wired:Battery LifeIt lasts as long as advertised. 40+ hours of battery plus ultra-quick charging.ConclusionApple has managed to create the first practical wireless headphone on the market, lasting long enough to only need to be charged under a handful of times a month while also having best-in-class wireless functionality. All in an understated lightweight design that's portable enough to go anywhere and comfortable enough to wear for long periods. They put it under the Beats branding, which means a fun sound that lacks clarity particularly in the high-end. However, the Solo3 is the first very good headphone from Beats (with the first two good headphones being the Solo2 and the Studio 2.0). This gives me hope for the future of where Apple will take Beats, as they're already proving their worth and the future of the brand by releasing a headphone with groundbreaking features.If the Solo4 can greatly improve upon the detail of the sound quality while retaining Beats' signature fun sound, it could be an all-around winner. For now the Solo3 gets my recommendation for being a very practical daily driver wireless headphone. There aren't any other wireless headphones I'd recommend more as a daily driver, thanks mostly to the benefits of the W1 chip and portable design.Audiophiles:The sound signature of the Solo3 is unique and pleasant despite lacking clarity in the bass and treble, though it isn't isn't an unlistenable experience like the old Beats by Dre. If you find value in the features of the Solo3, these could be a fun portable pair of headphones perfect for casual listening or the gym.Would I have bought the Solo3 if they were wired headphones? No. But the trade-off of some clarity is worth it for what the Solo3 does bring to the table, and the fun sound isn't unpleasant. In fact, I'm growing to like it and would be completely satisfied if they figure out a way to improve clarity without losing the addictive sound signature in future iterations.
Did research through different headphones ranging from Sony, Beats, and and Bose. I also read and watched review videos between these and the ANC.If you love a good bass, and high quality sound without losing your piggy bank in the process these headphones are for you.Noise canceling headphones leave a hum when it's turned on. If you wear these then turn them on, you won't hear very much of the outside world.These have a separate speaker for the bass and a control on it to allow you to turn it up or down.  Plus, the Skull Candy app allows you to customize your headphones for your own listening, by testing your hearing. It'll adjust to your own hearing levels.Only thing I wished it did was the Google Play so I can tell my phone to do things without having to touch it. Other than that, I happily give these 5 stars.Bonus, I charged these the first night. It said 100% but I think it still could've charged more. I've had these for a month, have listened to everything loud, and talked for hours and I'm still at 70%.
Battery life they last a long time. Sound quality is great. Just like a stereo.
I have used this for music and phone calls. It has amazing sound quality. I am very impressed with it.
So far so good.  Sound is great, fits in ear well and doesn't fall out while working out.  Controls by tapping buds is easy to learn. Happy with them highly recommend for the price.
Not the best sound but does the job
I drive semi truck. It’s loud in the cab. Feed back from the other party on the phone is horrible. Picks up so much background noise. Other than that they are the most comfortable headphones I’ve slipped on. Button placement and functionality are good. Sound is great. Noise canceling is good but not the best I’ve had , but close and is not an issue. My ac doesn’t work to well but it’s worth mentioning my ears get sweaty and in sane truck I hadn’t had issue with other headphones as bad.  If these canceled background noise on call and didn’t get sweaty they would be a 5 star product.
The view shows a 90 degree jack but the actual product is a normal straight on jack. The normal straight on jack will have stress on it. I bought this because my RCA HDTV has a headphone buzz, probably due to proximity to the the light source. If I had it to do over again I would get an LED HDTV back light. Much less chance of buzzing.
I had my doubts about the noise cancelling, but it works great! I typically use only one earbud while at work and if I have the noise cancelling on it is still hard to hear what is going on around me. There is a transparency mode which allows you to hear your surroundings. This mode also works well. I can hear at work and even with both in you can hear what you need to. The sound quality is so good that I usually need to keep the volume lower than normal. This is especially true in noise cancelling mode, since it is like listening to music in a vacuum sealed room. My wife and I tested this out by having our toddler yell at us while in this mode, and even with a scream it was hard to hear her.The battery life is great. If I run one at a time I can get through my whole day without an issue. I can usually switch back to right ear once the bud charges for a bit in its case.The fit is nice as well. It feels like the buds may not stay in, but with the right inner ear piece there is no problems.These are the best headphones I have owned.
Very good sound, though the earpieces are a bit uncomfortable due to the hard plastic.
The sound quality is great but it is extremely painful after a long day on wearing. By a couple hours into use, my ears are sore. By the 8th hour of wearing these, I could cry from the pain. For quick calls, it's great. But if you need to wear them for several hours or more at a time, I definitely do NOT recommend.
exactly as expected and it came on time. thanks.
The volume on these are way to low! Impossible to get volume to be load enough
Use them for gaming. Great sound.
Perfect for my grandkids....very clear sounding.
Amazing pair of headphones,  the best bang for the buck that you can purchase.
Ottimo prodotto e batteria duratura
Better product for this price, value for money, using it from 3 months and completely happy with the product.....
Just like Bose, to make the best noise cancelling headphones. They are very comfortable and the sound is top quality.
Best performance
Typical Apple - Great. The only thing annoying is I can’t charge my phone while using them.
Great sound and easy to set up and use. Also NOT easy to lose!
En las especificación decía que los audífonos tienen cancelación de ruido y no es así, no tienen cancelación de ruido
Without getting into the disabilities of the people involved, suffice to say I bought two of these this year. One pair work as described, the other don't. Without going into personal detail it QUITE LITERALLY RUINED CHRISTMAS. I am very dissatisfied.
I like the over-ear design when working outside.
I got these for my husband as a present and he LOVES them! He keeps them in his pocket to listen to podcasts, music, etc during random downtime. They are compact and highly portable. Very comfortable fit. Great sound quality. And the cost to value ratio is outstanding!
They are great headphones. Perfect for the gym or a run. I took one star away because it came with a pretty useless charger for me. I didn’t have an adapter for it, was able to get a charger at FiveBelow to charge it up. I just started using them, so I’ll update later after some real, serious use.
The sound quality, noise cancellation and battery life are by far the best out of all the other headphones I have bought.
I love these! I questioned getting them because I've never owned a pair of wireless headphones... but I love them! I would wear these at work where there would be music blaring and I couldn't hear anything. Not even someone trying to talk to me right next to me. The battery life lasts a long time. I haven't fully pushed it to it's limits yet. The case is a little cheap.. but you can always replace it with a better one online. I don't mind it. I love them and highly suggest these to anyone.
Very good sound quality and battery back up
Totally filters out neighbor's barking dogs.
Muy mala calidad
After a few months of using it I absolutely love how useful it is for occasions in which you cannot risk using a wired headphone - such as running on a treadmill or taking a brisk walk outside to burn some calories after your brunch, taking a hike, and swimming in a lake.The fact it's waterproof makes me so happy - I could swim an entire ocean's length and never be bored cause my music is playing.
Sound quality is a bit muffled due to the loose fit of the product against the head.
Great earphones for running - high volume, nice basse, does not fall. Excelent value for this price.
I've had these for almost a month now. I use them on my pc. They can be a bear to pair and then after you do get them to pair you have to go into your Bluetooth settings and connect them to work each time you turn them on. I'll get a message quite a bit saying, driver error. It would be nice to be able to download the manual, pdf is very easily made and shared. They sound good and work well other than that.Update: Had these for over a month now. They break up while listening and I'm right at my computer so it isn't a distance issue. I'd have to say I wouldn't buy these again. They've been a real pain.
Its worked as described so far.
Cool
Great headphone. Bought them for my mom, she likes them easy to use
work as avertised
Excellent  phones the best i have ever owned
DO NOT BUY. Garbage buds constantly disconnect. I hate them so much I can’t even express it. Save yourself from buyer rage and buy literally any other brand. If you find some buds at the dollar store, they would probably be more reliable.
Nothing will beat the power headphones can pump out when plugged in by a cable. Having said that, these headphones, although not as powerful as cable ones, has a great range of sound and bass. The software is simple to use and the noise cancelling works very well.There’s a reason why so many review sites list these phones as #1. They don’t disappoint.
Love the way they fit the sound is so clear
Cancelación de ruido mejorada un 60%
I did not expect much from these but now adore them.  They are super light and comfortable, great padding/angle around ears so can wear for hours without ears hurting.  Very sturdy.  Sleek design.  The sound quality is surprisingly good, my music sounds great w them.  Does not need to be charged often and comes w a backup manual plug in should you wait too long to recharge, so don't have to interrupt what listening to in middle (standard audio jack so would need plug in adapter for lightning cable or other cable to device if needed.). Get warning beep if running out of juice.  I got them in pink, despite never going near the color in general.  It is more of a muted, pinkish shade, matte gloss, that harmonizes w my personal complexion.  Would be lovely on any complexion,though. A pretty, subtle, not overly girlish pink that gives it a light feel rather than a clunky look.
Tiennent bien dans l’oreille. J’utilise une oreillette à la fois et je interchange après quelques heures d’utilisation. Je charge le boîtier aux deux à trois jours.
5 estrellas
These headphones are about as simple as they come and you should know that. These aren't meant for your morning commute or online gaming. They are great for anyone interested in a really accurate sound.
Great product that I can use across several devices like iPad iMac air
Bin super zufrieden. Die Ware kam schnell und die Qualität stimmt auch.Sie sitzen gut im Ohr und der Sound ist auch gut . Preis Leistung super
Good sound quality and easy use. Love the radio feature
Reading all the 5 star reviews I assumed it would be a good product. There is no way to verify these ear buds are good in store so I ordered them . The one star Reviews do not lie! Sound quality is horrible. I use the Apple wired headphones and they capture better sound ten times. They only “noise cancel “ if you crank up the volume to drown out noise. They hurt your ears after blasting volume . I’m very disappointed in these because I assumed they would be the same quality as the over ear headphones beats make .
I used the headphones for less than two weeks then the power button would not turn on. It. is now only useable when wired to a device.
Battery life excellent
EASY TO USE AUTO CONNECTS TO DEVICE
Great sounds, ear cup could be bigger inside for long wear comfort.
Pleasantly surprised with this product! Have used all week on my runs and works perfectly! Synced super easily and quickly to my phone! Hasn’t lost connection yet. Sounds perfect to me! I’m not a sound nazi, so I can’t say how it compares to something more expensive but it sounds clear to me! No buzzing or clicks or anything while I’m using it! It’s a tiny bit noise canceling also! Not fully but def drowns out some external noises! My fiancé’s first comment when he saw them was “how much did you pay for these?! They look expensive...” but nope!!! They weren’t!! Very pleased so far!! Also comes with a case to store them!
Works well
Very small range from none to full
Sound was good . maybe because I've never used  noise cancelling headphones before , i still could hear background noise more than i thought i should
These earbuds failed within 6 months having been only used on my Roku controller and kept in the case when not in use. Keeping them in the case may have actually been what caused them to fail. Being a retired electronics professor I feel I can offer this particular insight. The wires on these headphones are bullet proof and armored. This makes them very stiff, but you'd be hard pressed to cut or break them, except for the connection to the jack. When winding these up to put in the case, there was no forgiveness nor real stress relief at the jack connection. This is where the failure occurred due to the constant flexing at this point when being wound and unwound to be put in and taken out of the case.  Its a failure point I'm sure many have experienced. You know, when you can wiggle the wire at first and get the sound to cut in and out, and then total failure. The other problem with these buds is the thing that makes them strong...the armored wire. It's too stiff and therefore tries to keep its shape after being wound up and put into the case. They were a real pain to unwind and try to reshape it into something that would feel comfortable hanging from my ears. The designers of these buds I'm sure thought it was a great idea at first, as did a lot of customers, but in practice they're just not worth the hassle. Buy something else.
Good sound quality but Hasphone stopped working after 6 days
We purchased two of these headphones - and they are great!  The only not great thing was when my eight-year-old-son was taking off his, they broke right in front of me.  It was a complete fluke, the smooth plastic portion of the inside headband by the articulating mechanism just broke leaving that earcup dangling by the wire.  I follow-up with the company directly and they were so helpful and supportive!  I just explained the issue, submitted two clear pictures - and viola!  Replacement headphones sent!  I cannot recommend these headphones and the company enough.  They will be getting all of my family's business going forward.
If you like to convert your HD music to the quality of AM radio these are for you
My daughter absolutely love me these
My husband loved there!  Perfect gift.
Not the sturdiest headphones, but the sound quality is pretty good. Nice highs and lows.REVISED REVIEW:__I CAME BACK TO BUY A 5TH & 6TH PAIR OF THESE, AND DISCOVERED THAT THE PRICE HAD TRIPLED (30 BUCKS).SO, I CHANGED MY MIND AND WENT WITH A PAIR OF SKULLCANDY HEADPHONES.YES, THEY DO SOUND GREAT, BUT THEY BREAK VERY EASILY... SOME PROBLEM WITH ALL FOUR PAIRS (ONE HEADPHONE CUT EVENTUALLY COMES OUT OF IT'S SOCKET, WHICH IS UNREPAIRABLE... THUS RENDERING THEM USELESS!!!AT THE $10-$12 PRICEPOINT, I WOULD JUST BUY ADDITIONAL PAIRS. BUT, AT $30 A PAIR... I WOULD SERIOUSLY SUGGEST YOU FIND A MUCH MORE DURABLE PAIR!!! - IF NOT... YOU'LL BE REPLACING THEM WITHIN THE YEAR.__DROPPED MY PREVIOUS RATING DOWN TO THREE (3) STARS!!!At this price point, don't expect high-end audio... but they are decent and a great deal for the price.As I mentioned before... not very durable. I dropped a pair and when it hit the carpeted floor it cracked the left ear piece and it fell off.Luckily, I had bought two when I ordered them... so I had a backup. I bought a third pair, in case something like that should happen again.
My wife loves these she wears them a lot. and says they are very comfortable and she like the looks. They have also been working well with her iPhone, iPad and MacBook.
great headset for the price
I love these headphones especially as someone who is autistic. These really block out the noise. I also love how crisp and the music sounds
Needed something to listen to podcast while riding the train … did not want to spend too much .. these are a bargain and work well … even my son was impressed with some of the features….
I just bought these and overall are very very good. I listen to alot of metal music and "Headbang" And they do a very good job at staying in my ears. sound quality is amazing for the price. says they stay charged for 12 hours but i charged them for a few hours and they lasted about 4? Still good time way better then any other wireless headphones ive ever had. Also they are sooooo cute with the little skulls on everything
V nice headphones. V comfortable
Nice sound, long cord, good fit, good value
Pros:Reasonable cost-for-feature ratioComfortable; portableSound quality is good for price pointBluetooth connection non-problematicCon:Very annoying bug in which it pauses unpredictably and for no reason. Once it starts doing this it will do it every few seconds (IME) unless you turn off, restart and re-link the phones. Then after a while it starts doing it again. This happens in every mode. Really frustrating. For that reason alone I would not recommend them to anyone.
The headphones themselves are great, the app allows you to have multiple devices connected simultaneously (so I can take a call on my work computer seamlessly while listening to Spotify on my phone without mucking with Bluetooth). The speech pass-through isn't as effortless as I'd like (the speech detection takes a few words to trigger and a second to flip modes) but Sony left in the "cover the earpiece" which I've realized is a TOUCH TRIGGERED and it's fast/responsive.
Honestly im super disappointed i bought this headset for the gym and i have had it for 3 days . The first day the left year speaker stopped working and i had to keep moving the headset around and then it would kick back in ... second day same thing. Third day as well. So basically its a waste of money . The disappointing thing is it is a nice looking headset, sounds great when both speakers work and the sound is great too thats why i gave it 2 stars.
I own a pair of Trek Aftershocks and these headphones do a good job of creating a cheaper version that's still functional. Of course, the build quality doesn't feel as solid, but it's only really noticeable in the buttons. They just feel cheaper, but that's fine because the price justifies it. Perfect for working in an office setting.
I love the fact that the ANC has its own  separate switch. For noise cancelling without having to have another input, for reducing airplane noise without having to listen to music or movies. All of the controls are Intuitive, Simple, Convenient. I haven't been able to assess the battery life yet, but so far, it seems pretty good.It is rugged with metal hinges to the ear pieces. LIGHT WEIGHT and doesn't squeeze  your head. It is comfortable and stays on without the headache you get from too tight. I give it 6 stars. To check sound quality I use YouTube video theme from Fist full of dollars by the Danish orchestra. Amazing. And No! No one offered any incentive. They are simply very well engineered.
They are very quiet, have no noise canceling capability, and the controls are difficult, they’re okay if you’re in a quiet room but they’re not loud enough to cancel out any background noise
Good for mixing or mastering in a budgets of 6k only.
Much better  than anticipated.  Great quality.
Quick delivery. Simple instructions. Good fit
Use them to workout so far so good
I purchased the Sennheiser HD 280PRO Headphones  (old model) to replace the same model which I had purchased about 15 years ago. When I listened with them for the first time I immediately had to raise the volume to 80-100 on the scale and even then the volume doen not compare to the 40-45 setting on my old ones. Big disappointment.
Very good my kid is happy
For the price, these headphones have absolutely stellar sound quality with deep bass , great mids and non harsh highs. The sound envelopes you. There is some distortion if you crank these too high. If using a headphone amp middle volume or just slightly more is adequate for losing yourself, especially with vinyl. The make quality for an all plastic unit is also quite solid. The ear cups are extremely comfortable. The only drawback to build quality is in the way the cups tend to just flop everywhere when not on your head! There is no independent volume control.I enjoy these headphones quite a bit!
Loved the comfortable fit of these overearHeadphones! Although noise cancellation is not total there is still a good quality sound. Also they hold charge for an amazing amount of time. Really like these
Revision:  the manufacturer reached out and sent a updated version. These fit!  ThanksOk at this price what can you expect. Couldn’t get correct for even with the smallest earpiece. Ear bud popped out and had to be hunted down on plane a couple times. Sound jumps from ear to ear at weirdest times. Charge holds for the minimum
I really like these wireless Bluetooth headsets from Plantronics that I have bought several more.
Easy to use and pair up with devices. These headphones work just as described. I use them mainly at the gym and they are definitely sweat proof, they block all the noise so I can only hear my music, and they stay firmly in my ears which is critical with all the movement during workout. The extra ear buds in different sizes are great especially since one of my ear canals is slightly smaller than the other.  To top it off the sound quality on these is very good, I'm very happy with them all around which is why I think they deserve 5 stars.
Great sound. Left ear bud stopped working after a week.
I really like these a lot. They feel great, they sound great, etc. I also have the M3 but I upgraded for multipoint pairing. Unfortunately, I didn't realize you can't use LDAC and multipoint at the same time. If Sony releases a firmware update to fix this, I'll raise my rating. Right now, only 3 stars.
Excelrnte profucto me gusta
Very bad product..!!!Its fake product its not original dont make  fool to people.
I purchased my beats in white in 2017, the only thing I've had to replace are my ear cushions. which is understandable.
Good quality sound without fully isolating myself!
This is awesome you can connect two devices at the same time.  I have my work computer and my phone.  I listen to music and If i receive a call on my computer It switch automatically to the call on the computer! This is a must have!
I like these because they don’t have anything attached to the cord. So they’re a nothing bouncing on my shoulder or neck while I run. Super light weight and good sound. My wife and I both have a pair.
I really like these headphones. They are really comfortable in n my ear and they clarity of the sound is Amazing!! The price is awesome so dont think about it, just get you a pair.
great sounds, great battery life, comfort is pretty good
I like the battery it lasts a while
I am very surprised by how good the sound quality is for this price.  I needed earbuds that wouldn't fall out- my previous (more expensive) earbuds fall out of my right ear constantly, so I wanted to try some with the over the ear hook.  I really wasn't expecting much based on the low price, but these actually sound as good as my pricier pair!  Very happy I got these.
My kid love them
Solid headphones.  Some audio loss due to On-Ear vs Over-Ear style.  To get all audio you have to press them tight to your ears…annoying when your trying to pick out a 2/2 signal report DXBut they are comfortable during long sessionsK5HYC
My friend love these. Able to block outside noise and enjoy phone conversations and his music 🎶
I guess this is a bit redundant given the thousands of positive reviews. I bought these because the cost next to nothing and the reviews were fantastic. I'm here to agree. These really sound fantastic! They are comfortable because they are very light and don't press hard on my ears. I'm thinking about taking up jogging and I'll probably use these although I'm a bit reluctant to get sweat on them even though they are so inexpensive to replace. If you like high fidelity and are pleased to get a great deal, get these.
I love my earbuds.  I missed my other ones I had. These are the only ones I am interested in purchasing.
Edit:In spite of wonderful sound and very comfortable ear cups, I returned these to Amazon.I am an engineer and therefore really picky about design and I hope this saves somebody a bit of research.I just couldn't live with the head band of these.  It almost defies understanding that a company as fantastic as Senheisser would release a headband design like this.  I will say again, that the sound and ear cup comfort of the 599 is fantastic.  But they create a hot spot on top of the head where the head band with modest foam point loads the top of the head.  No reason for it.  Seinnheiser even understands this dynamic and sell both less expensive like the HD-559 and the more upscale HD 650 headphones with a much more padded and headband with a void at the top of the head which could cause irritation.If you guys and girls want to take the dive, look into the Seinheisser HD-6xx which is a knock off of the venerable HD-650 which is twice the price of the 599. These headphones are magic.  Go out on youtube and watch some reviews.  Best $200 headphone on the market.  Just scored an open box purchase in new condition and these are even better in both sound and comfort to the 599.  I had NO complaints about the sound quality of the 599 but I need complete comfort.  Hope this helps and happy listening.I don't write a lot of reviews but I come from the world of tech and appreciate all genres of music.  I recommend everybody interested in the HD 599 to go to youtube and watch some reviews which will be in more depth than mine.I am returning to earphone listening after many years.  I built a new AMD CPU based computer which btw I love without a dedicated GPU but with Asrock on board sound which drives these headphones beautifully.  Because of their low impedance, not essential to drive them through a dedicated amp.Comfort:Comfort for me for overall listening is ESSENTIAL.  It is largely why I bought these.  I have largish ears and where a large hat...not a small guy but not a huge guy either.  I struggle with the comfort of many headphones.  Not these. They are the best. Sennheiser gets it.  Other companies not so much.Ear pocket are very large to completely cover my largish ears and my ears though not tea cups stick out a bit...not excessive but require deep and large ear cup openings.  These deliver.What isn't understood about earphone design many times is...its a balance of clamping force to the head that determines headband pressure.  Higher the clamping force, the less the head band pressure because lateral force negates vertical fall of the headphones.  Many headphones with drivers and fidelity this size are heavy.  These weigh 250 grams and are light.  Therefore they don't require big clamping...rated only at .71 lbs mean clamping...no doubt head width specific..  In summary, because of low weight they don't dig in up top of the head even with low clamping pressure.  Genius design and I am a design guy so I appreciate it.Sound:Wonderful.  I am not formally a senior...a very active senior and listen to classic rock to some even hip hop...very little, to opera and classical music.  I like it all from Mo town to some jazz to mostly classic rock which I grew up...the best music of all time. :-)  These headphones deliver.  Listen to the reviews.  They aren't flat...slightly embellished.  An audiophile headphone with a bit of lowest and highs added.  What the absolutely non purist wants in a headphone.  Very very slight embellishment...almost not.  I don't like too much bass but love to hear it.  My aging ears don't hear the highs like they once did.  I can hear the highs with these.  If I EQ them, I can tune them precisely how I like them.They sound magnificient.  Btw, they are open headphones and not meant to keep all the sound within.  That is design intent and what better listening headphones are.  On an airplane, pick a pair of Senn closed headphones.Looks:Looks matter.  I am a design guy.  Shape, texture and appearance affects perception of the product.  5 out of 5.  Perfect.  I couldn't design them better.  Arguably a 'hint' of retro.  Not as retro at the 598.  If only the 598 existed, I would get those but these are aesthetically more modern and better IMO.  The color is a bit unique.  You maybe tired of everything black like me.  These are a bit different and absolutely beautiful.I have owned other high end headphones from other companies. These are my favorite.  I only have had them for a couple of days. Even in the time I have owned them they have burned in and will burn in much more in the next 200 hrs of listening.My advice.  If you like, try everything but own these.Happy listening everybody.  Surf youtube for your favorite music.  Some brilliant young artists out there.
Great Design, great sound!
Stopped working
Dissatisfied. Would not recommend. Sound quality is poor and muffled. Was expecting a crisp, clear sound.
Value for Money
Great product, unfortunately after less than 3 months of occasional use the headphones only put out sound in one headphone. For the price I'm a little disappointed but while it worked it was great.I ordered another cable to see if the cable made a difference, and it turns out the headphones themselves broke. Disappointed because I really do love the product but it broke entirely too quick.Update: The company has sent out a new headset free of charge since it broke so quickly. Fast and easy customer support makes me very happy. Increasing to 4 stars since it's a great product and will get a replacement.
Sound quality is very good, especially considering the price.  Microphone sounds a bit muffled, but callers can still understand what I am saying.Excellent value, will be purchasing for family members in other colors
So far so good
THESE HEADPHONES WILL NOT CHARGE AND ITS NOT THE CHARGER ITS THE ACTUAL HEADPHONES
I have purchased 3 of these, one for myself, my wife, and a granddaughter. They are great for walking and much more comfortable for getting to sleep or listening to audio in bed than earbuds.
The noise Canceling is not as good as my old cheaper headphone. However, the design of these headphones is much superior. Overall, This device is worth buying.
Firstly, these headphones are amazing. Incredible comfort, battery life, noise cancellation. Now let’s get to sound!1. These have the most range of sound of any headphones I’ve ever had.2. The haptic bass vibration is out of this world. Like being in a live concert.3. I’m glad it has a sliding scale for the haptic.4. I can only handle the haptic option barely on, full blast makes me nauseous after a few minutes!!5. I find that the more haptic, the bass drowns out and makes treble and mid muddy.Connection is super easy and steady. I’m not using the app and I find the headphone easy to operate etc.
I like these headphones overall and for the price point I’d say they’re solid. They look really cool, they have excellent battery life (seriously, I have had them for weeks and don’t remember charging them all that often) and have nice sound quality. The noise cancellation barely does anything and isn’t all that strong but it does dampen some sound helps me feel more immersed with what I’m listening to.
The sound quality was horrible. It sounded muted and crackly no matter how many times I tried removing and reconnecting the headphones. I've had $20 wireless headphones, I'm using a pair of them right now.I wanted to add a second set to our household but the sound on these was horrible! It sounded like a phonograph from the 1900s only not as melodious. Couldn't return them fast enough!!!
The most. Comfortable  headphones I've ever used and great sound
Edit: Changing to a 1 star because the stitching on the right ear has failed after 1 year from purchase - product is already out of warranty.Light weight, doesn't hurt your ears (irritation) or top of your head, can wear for long hours.  Sonys are heavier and squeeze too tight.If you're debating between the Sonys or the Bose, get this one.Easier to cycle through the 3 noise cancellation optionsCan also connect to two bluetooth devices at once
I ordered these twice, each time the headphones were unable to charge.
Used this item 3 times and then it stopped working! The “Beats” name used to stand for quality! It’s safe to say that’s no longer the case! And they do NOT stand behind their over-priced products either!!
Best one I see out there.
Stopped working in less than six months.
they're really good headphones. too bad it's uncomfortable to wear because I have a small head. sometimes when i try to skip a song or pause a song, it doesn't do it and I find that to be the biggest flaw
Works as described.
It broke after just a few weeks. Defective ear piece snaps off easily, cheaply made, don’t bother wasting your money!!!
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                             These Wireless Bluetooth earphones are amazing! First, it came fast when ordering. And the sound is so clear. I can't hear anything when they are in my ears. Which truly allows me to focus on what I am listening to. I definitely recommend!
actually some really good headphones. the sound quality is amazing, they are mostly noise cancelling. the volume controls are iffy but work nonetheless. when no sound is pressent and they are on, there this weird clicking that i noticed but eh would recommend
Sound quality is good, comfortable to wear. nice headphones for the price.
Online classes for child
They don't fit in my ears properly! They fall out easily! I regret not returning them!
Fit well and sound great!
The instructions provided in the box lack detail and are unintuitive, the online web manual is extremely long-winded and again unintuitive. Simple operational details are buried and unnecessarily complex. Don't bother purchasing if you have other things to do with your life. Tried contacting Sony but they won't answer. Will return. 0/10
I was very impressed with these. The price is great, the color variety suited my whole family. They sound great, but most importantly to me was the comfort. Ear buds usually bother my ears but these sit in place nicely and are very comfortable! Would recommend for sure!!
I love my air pods, but my family hates them, for even on the setting to hear outside things, I can't hear a thing except for my phone.  These are great solutions for me!  I love how I can still hear the world happen around me, for they do not go inside your ears. They sit just outside of them. I can not usually hear them if they are not on my head, but sometimes depending on the tones being played, those who have super hearing might hear faint sounds. ( this might be due to me losing hearing a little, and according to my phone, I need to turn down the sound some).  My children ( young adults) were amazed at them and haven't seen this technology before.  Wouldnt wear them in situations where you want noise canceling like on an airplane, but I love to wear them daily on my walk for I can hear the world around me and my music so I feel much safer.
First few months they were amazing. Great sound, connect alright, and good noise cancellation. Then they started having the sound cut out every few min. It was short, annoying but w/e. Got more frequent however and now completely cut out or pause the music. Middle of a workout set? Pauses the music. Middle of a meeting? Cuts out. Ugh, I have always been a quiet comfort / bose noise cancelling fan but going to make the switch to sony I think.
I've always wanted to get noise canceling headphones but I didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars, now I have them.
I bought these back on Jan 6, 2021 and started to have issues with the Mic in April. The sound is great and the noise cancelling works real well, but I need the Mic for work and it either doesn't work or I sound super muffled. I will be looking in to purchasing a different headset for work and use these for home.
Llevaba años esperando a tener unos ahorros para permitirme unos auriculares de este nivel. Iba por los hd 598 pero aparecieron estos y los cogi. Por su precio, puedo decir que despues de años escuchando musica a traves de infinidad de cascos y cascos diferentes, el sonido es magnifico, y la comoidad es de 10, horas con ellos puestos y no molestan en absoluto. Al precio al que estan, me parecen una compra mas que recomendada para los que buscan calidad.
The other positive reviews on this are true.  For the money, these are really great.  Are they as good as Bose?  No, but at like 1/8th of the cost they are pretty good.
I was in the market for noise canceling headphones for air travel and was ready to spend double the price of these on Sony or Bose. I decided to take a chance with these, and couldn’t be happier. The noise cancellation works great, the sound quality is pretty good, and they are comfortable for hours.
My son loves them
I bought these to use around the house with my tablet, phone, and computer. I did not want to spend a lot of money because I don't use them very frequently. They are really good headphones. They are comfortable and easy to adjust the volume. I would recommend them.
Great headphones! Beautiful color.
Recommend..!Must Try… This is very good Wireless Earbuds Bluetooth.
A bit large for my 5 year old but that was expected. Work well and she likes them. The only odd thing was that they can’t be used while charging but that’s not a huge deal. Pair every time with her kindle with no issues.
This headphones are great, just a bit tight at times but not a big deal to me
Was looking for a pair of name-brand noise-cancelling Bluetooth headphones to replace my beloved wired Bose QC15s. The headphones themselves look great but upon handling them they seem lightweight in a fragile and unsubstantial way. The plastic feels cheap and flimsy and I can see a couple of drops off of the desk putting them out of commission. Most disappointingly, the over-the-ear cans are so shallow that their rigid innards press against your ear. I can see why these were marked down so low for Prime Day -- they'd be going back to Amazon at the original price tag of $200.While these headphones are not completely unusable -- the sound quality and noise cancellation are fine -- I see myself sticking with the old Bose set out of sheer comfort. The low price I paid is worth it for a pair of wireless backups, but these are not headphones I'd want to wear every day.
They broke in two weeks after I bought them
It didn't come with any instructions. But wasn't too difficult to figure out. The sound quality is pretty good, especially considering the price. I would have given them a 5 star if they fit better. Either I have weird shaped ears or in the country these were manufactured, they happen to make ears differently there. Even with the smallest earbud padding installed(comes with 3 sizes), they are still difficult to insert and do not fit deeply enough to keep them secured. Sitting with them in my ears worked fine. But if I were to walk around, they would fall out after just a minute or two. I can't imagine a person could run with these in their ears.  But again, maybe I just have weird shaped ears.The pairing process is easy, very easy in fact. They are listed as "A1" in the bluetooth list. I can only assume they go good with steak.All in all they are okay and if they could make the fit better, they would be a great deal.
So sad, I have spent sooo much money on headphones for my son with online learning. Within 2 weeks, his teacher called me and said he needs new headphones they cannot hear him...he could hear them fine, but they could not her him....ugh I have bout Beats, Sennheiser, Sony all keep breaking feel like headphones are not meant to use daily lol
It is a great product. I am very happy when I have it. The sound is very clear for me to listen to music. This is an inexpensive product that work perfectly. The design is also beautiful and minimalist.
These Sony WHCH710N noise-cancelling over-the-ear headphones boast a 35-hour battery life with quick charging, 30mm drivers with active noise-cancellation and Bluetooth with NFC connectivity.What I liked most about these Sony WHCH710N noise-cancelling over-the-ear headphones was:- The sound. I admit to being initially skeptical of these cans because of the 30mm drivers as most of my favorite over-ear-headphones have 40mm+ drivers but the sound coming out of these is big and immersive. While not the richest or most nuanced sound you can find for 200 dollars this headset has a nice separation of mids and highs with deep, punchy bass. There's even a hint of soundstage, but this is much more muted with these cans than others in this product line.- Battery life. Opting for 30mm drivers allows Sony to give users longer battery life. While 35 hours might be possible if you keep your headset at 50% volume without ANC activated, I was able to get 25-27 consistently with the cans cranked up to 75% most of the time. I used ANC roughly a third of the time I had my cans on.- Active noise-cancelling and sound isolation. These cans have sufficient clamping force to drown out a good deal of background noise without activating noise-cancelling. Once you activate noise-cancelling you have the choice of allowing some sound in or toning it out at this headset's maximum capacity with Sony suggests is about 75%.- Easy NFC pairing. Once you've paired a headset via NFC you'll never, ever want to do it the old fashioned way again. With NFC pairing, even if the headset is off, aligning your source device's NFC chip with the NFC insignia on these headphones will turn them on and automatically pair them.What I liked least about these Sony WHCH710N noise-cancelling over-the-ear headphones was:- The unboxing experience. These headphones were boxed in a brown cardboard box and wrapped in cheap plastic. They included cheap charging and audio cables, nothing else. I was quite underwhelmed at what Sony offers customers who 'only' spend $200.00 with them. I felt almost as if the company wanted me to thank them for letting me buy their tech for such a low price.- No app support. A key way Sony intentionally detracts from this headset is by not supporting it within its app. This means there are no granular controls to access for ANC, acoustic settings, and the like.- No carrying case. Amazon sells hundreds of headphones for less than 200 bucks with many of them having active noise-cancelling onboard and some have cases. No excuse for a 200 dollar headset to ship without one.Overall, while I was pleased with the sound quality, noise-cancelling, and battery life of these Sony WHCH710N, I was somewhat disappointed by the pauper treatment you get in the unboxing experience. Combine that with glaring omissions to app support and a carrying case and I am left conflicted about these cans. If you want a jack-of-all-trades headset that is just good enough in every area to warrant regular usage, the Sony WHCH710N should make your list. However, I think you'll find offerings within this price range that exceed expectations in areas that might be most important to you and don't offer the compromises Sony seemingly built into this model to keep it from cannibalizing sales of their flagship cans. 3.5 out of 5.0 stars.
My headphones died in 15 months and LG will not repair the headsets. They have horrible service
Cute but they don’t hold a charge
Love my headphones, great case and headset is good quality.
The battery life isn't bad nor is the sound
Great quality earbud for the price!
L'oggetto é assolutamente perfetto per hard disk da 3,5, di buona qualità col fermo elastico all'interno e la tasca per sistemare il cavo. Spedizione e prezzo come sempre imbattibili
Good use for school
Luv the colors and the sound
El sonido es standard no tiene nada de interesante, los he probado en diferentes estilos musicales, su sonido no me convenció.
Exelente para el precio que se maneja.
No sound cancelling features. The volume of my sleep hypnosis has to be MAX volume to be the low volume it was on my air pods.But it was comfortable, the battery did indeed last all night AND the sound is louder (not in a bad way) and works much better when you are indeed sleeping on your stomach or side.
very poor microphone glitchy and will not be recognised by windows and many apps
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                             Misleading description.  Not noise canceling at all.  I have the Sony noise canceling and they require a battery and has a on off switch.  Very misleading advertising by seller.  Do not buy.
Bad product
Good for sampling headphones with a bump in the mids.
Très très bon casque, qui dans sa gamme de prix n'a pas vraiment d’équivalent.Qualité de fabrication au rendez-vous, du plastique certes mais de bonne facture et un assemblage soigné puis à cela on ajoute des câbles détachables et une housse, que demander de plus !!Au niveau sonore c'est vraiment impressionnant, tout est sa place, des basses très légèrement en avant mais cela est compensé par le fait qu'elles restent parfaitement détaillées et sans bavures, du reste des medium juste magnifiques de douceur très détaillés et des aigus vraiment cristallins.En résumé un très très bon casque avec un spectre superbement équilibré et qui n'as pas à rougir face a un DT990 ou autres.
These were surprisingly well balanced for the price. The fit options provided had no trouble staying in my ear and were comfortable, as the earbuds themselves and the case are surprisingly light. Good battery life and pairing was super simple!
This are perfect for toddlers. They fit really well and appear to be quite comfy. They canceled the airplane noise and allowed my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter to enjoy her movies on all of our flights. She can easily plug them in and adjust the volume. I highly recommend these.
These are great for our 3 and 5 year olds. They can listen together or separate and fold up nicely for travel.
My daughter loves these headphones. What little kid that loves cats wouldn't? I love how easy they were to set up and use - never had to reset them like I did with the much more expensive Puro headphones as we switched between iPad and Chromebooks. But, after 6 months, something went wrong with the charging port and the headphones wouldn't charge.I sent a note to the seller on a Monday and they were very helpful, ultimately determining the charging port was physically bad. They sent a new pair that arrived on Thursday.  This is uncommonly great service - Thank you! I hope this pair lasts longer than 6 months.
Work very well and produce very good sound, including great bass. Would give 5 stars if were slightly smaller. If size is not an issue, it is ***** for sure.
solid headphones for the value....one complaint is they dont do a great job drowning out wind when running outside....i'm a bit spoiled transitioning from noise-cancelling headphones....but it is very noticeable
Great sound! You can also use the AUX cord if you prefer a wired set up. There was a hiccup with one of the ear sides but a quick email to the manufacturer and we were taken care of. It's nice knowing there the product is supported.Really satisfied!
My fault...missed that it did not have a microphone for calls.
I have 3 sets now. Thought I lost the first pair, finally ordered 2 more, then found the first. I can keep one in my day pack, one in my laptop case and squirrel the 3rd away just in case. They are rugged and inexpensive. They actually fit my ears. In some applications wired are called for such as when the latency inherent with bluetooth buds is detrimental. Like when monitoring sound for a stream and I don't want my full headphones.
I love it! I can sleep again while listening to thunderstorm sounds, it's an awesome way to get more from an nighttime sleep mask.
Un casque audio excellent. L'emballage est beau. Le casque est fourni avec deux câbles (un lisse et un torsadé) que l'on pluggue directement sur le casque. Les coussinets sont confortables. Les écouteurs peuvent s'orienter dans toutes les directions. La qualité du son est au rendez-vous. Ce casque est vraiment bon, cependant il est volumineux donc ne conviendra pas aux nomades
I don't like writing bad reviews but this one deserves it. Was working fairly solid then got static and kept cutting out after having it a couple weeks and using it 5 times for a couple hours. Garbage.
Amazing sound. Definitely exceeded my expectations and highly recommend.
Fairly good sound for the $20 price and comfortable enough for what I use them for. If you want perfect comfort and sound you should spend more money. I use it for music practice obout an hour at a time and it works well for that.
I have a few different earbuds, some medium priced like this, others more expensive. If I could find these again they are all I would use because these are 4.8 times more comfortable than any other, and the battery life by themselves is nearly all day, and all week with the charging case. The charging case is a little big though, so you might not slip it in your pocket like you should, and alas, they're gone. Hopefully they'll turn-up in the garden.
Led blinking white amber, unit not fixable. Lost my money.
Der Kopfhörer hat einen sehr klaren ausgewogenen Sound mit gutem Bass. Ich hatte vor drei Jahren den Sony WH-XB900N gekauft. Dieser war sehr basslastig und insgesamt nicht so klar wie der Bose. Nach drei Jahren ist beim Versuch den Stecker in die Ladebuchse an der Hörermuschel zu drücken der billige Plasikbügel abgerissen. Der Bose hat einen sehr hochwertigen Metallbügel und wirkt insgesamt hochwertiger, er kostet ja auch mehr. Die Akkulaufzeit ist für mich ausreichend. Beim Einschalten bekommt man in englischer Sprache mitgeteilt, wieviel Stunden Restlaufzeit noch vorhanden sind. Die Gerräuschunterdrückung ist auch wesentlich besser als beim Sony. Auf höchster Stufe hört man nahezu keine Außengeräusche mehr. Er ist sehr angenehm zu tragen. Ob man darunter schwitzt kann ich noch nicht beurteilen, wegen der derzeit niedrigen Temperaturen. In der Lieferung ist noch ein Reiseetui dabei, was ich gut finde, da der Kopfhörer so auf Reisen im Koffer von äußeren Einflüssen geschützt ist.
I have bought over 100 of these for team members to listen to VMs on their computer.
I don't have a lot of experience with buds but these sound as good as the wired pair that they are replacing.  These seem good for the price.There are a couple complaints though... all around the charging base.The charging connections suck.  About half the time when I put them away in the case, one or the other will either stay on and drain or just not make a good connection and charge.  Swapping the sides doesn't seem to make a difference.
I am very pleased with these headphones.  They have good noise cancellation but they do not block out all noises. I was originally hesitant to buy these, due to some reviews wishing the volume was louder, but that is not my experience with them at all. I think the volume and clarity is great on them. I have been using them everyday for the past 8 days, several hours a day and I just plugged them in to charge for the first time out of the box. You cannot go wrong with these headphones, especially for their price!
The setup is very easy for someone who is somewhat electronically challenged.  :)  I love hearing text messages being read and being able to use them for the phone in the middle of music.
Works well so far.
Great value! Sennheiser is my go-to for quality headphones at a reasonable price. I use mine with my band to monitor our practices. Great for on the floor recordings and live monitoring.
Not comfortable and I have tried a number of this style of headphones over the years and don't mind most. Sound quality was fine for what they are. Might be worth it if you hate earbuds like myself. But wouldn't really recommend.
This was my first review 2 stars: The left side is not as loud as the right side. I need to return these headphones to the US from overseas. What a hassle. The right side does sound great though!Updated review 4 stars: Oops! The audio balance on my Macbook Pro was not centered.+ The headphones sound great.+ Blocks out coffee shop chatter fairly well- Little bit uncomfortable after wearing them for an hour.- I bought the bundle with the Creative Sound Blaster E1 and that thing is a piece of junk that makes my headphones sound worse.
They sound great and I love that the back of the buds are magnetized and it comes in a cute little rubber case so I can protect them when i throw them in my bags and purses. I didn't give it 5 stars because i feel like the actual line/cord feels very fragile so i'm worried they might get damaged too soon.
Sounds great, very sturdy & at a great price!
I am old school and I like things that you just connect and go.No need to charge anything,everything is clear. Good price at only $20.
I have used them only for a short time while doing aerobic workouts, but I am very happy with them.
I think these were 2nd hand. Less than a month they stop working. Initially it worked perfectly and then the audio stop working. FYI get certain things from the manufacturer themselves.
It’s nice comfortable & stays on.. doesn’t fall off like other bluetooths.  Connects very easily & stopped working on just after a year.. can’t even understand the problem..
Hinweis: ich habe dieses Produkt im Rahmen des Vine-Testprogramms kostenlos überlassen bekommen.Pros(1) Tragekomfort: der NC35 sitzt sehr angenehm. Ich habe einen eher großen Kopf und Probleme mit einem anderen Kopfhörer - bin aber bei Weiten nicht an der Grenze des Auszuges des NC35 abgekommen! Außerdem ist der NC35 leicht (gewogen: 203 g).(2) Alleine schon durch das gute Abschließen der Ohrmischeln findet eine ganz gute Schallisolierung von der Umgebung statt.(3) Tonqualität - nichts zu beanstanden. Getestet mit klassischer Musik, aber durchaus auch laut (Orgel).(4) Geräuschunterdrückung (ANC): wie in der Beschreibung angegeben, wird die Intensität der TIEFEREN Frequenzen reduziert. Reine Unterhaltung oder "höhere" Frequenzen (ich kann keine Angabe zum Frequenzbereich machen) werden kaum reduziert. Im Zug dagegen, im Bahnhofsgebäude, an einer Straße, in der Nähe einer Putzmaschine, in der Nähe einer Straßenbauzaschine kommt der Effekt zum Tragen. Die Geräusche werden dabei nicht auf null verringert, aber eben merklich reduziert. Selbst ohne dass man eine Audioquelle anhört, kann das angenehm sein (z. B. zum Lesen).(5) Sehr schnelle Neuverbindung mit einmal gepaarten Geräten.(6) Bedienung: einfach. Nach ganz kurzer Übung kann man die vier Tasten blind bedienen. Eine mehrsprachige Bedienungsanleitung liegt bei. Auch nicht mehr selbstverständlich heutzutage.ConDer Akku ist nicht austauschbar.Neutrale Feststellungen(1) Das Anschalten von Bluetooth über die obere Taste dauert etwa 3 s (also "lange"). Dadurch wird ein versehentliches Herstellen einer BluetoothVerbindung verhindert. Es gibt keine LED, die den Status anzeigt.(2) Die ANC lässt sich mit der unteren Taste UNABHÄNGIG vom An-/Aus-Schalter für die Bluetoothverbindung aktivieren. Die Statusanzeige erfolgt über eine grüne LED. Ein versehentliches Anschalten der ANC kann theoretisch erfolgen, denn diese Taste muss nur relativ kurz (etwas länger als ein ganz kurzer Klick) gedrückt werden. Ist mir aber bisher nicht passiert.Was bedeutet das? - Der Nutzer muss im Ruhezustand auf das Abschalten ZWEIER Funktionen achten, damit der Akku nicht leerläuft, wovoni nur eine (ANC) über eine Status-LED verfügt.(3) Der NC35 kommt in einer schönen Schachtel und darin befindet sich nochmals eine schöne Box.
has great bass the sound was well balanced for me.
Muy buenos audífonos excelente material excelente sonido tiene buenos bajos y vibran si subes muchos los bajos y puedes regular y ajustar el tipo de sonido que te parezca y te agrade dura un buen la batería  fácil de transportar buenos audífonos
These are the go to earbuds for my grandsons. It keeps me from having to listen to several iPads at once. The quality is much better than cheaper versions, so the boys are fine with using these.
They, um, serve their purpose but they don't fit exactly right. They kind of slide around your head and take awhile to fit. But that's okay. The sound quality is very nice.
It was amazing when I received it! good quality, but the lifetime of the earbuds are subpar to what is expected.
These headphones are perfect for me! I bought them a little over a week ago and they have great quality audio and seem durable. I bought 3 pairs of the tozo t6 and the one that was mine has a weak magnet on the lid. Its inconvenient to carry it around and have the lid like that because I've had the bud fall out once already. I've contacted the seller about this issue and hopefully I can get a replacement. Gave this a 2 stars because of my experience but will update if I hear back from them.Edit: They didn't the long getting back to me and they replaced my headphones hassle free. Since then I had ordered another pair for a family member and while that one is still in delivery my replacement headphones arrived in 3 days! Very fast. Customer service was pretty good as they were friendly and fixed my issue. Changing to 5 stars!
Update:The unit wouldn’t stop charging. Bummer. However, contacted customer service and they quickly resolved the issue by shipping me another one. Kudos to the customer service.********************Impressive sound and active noise canceling (ANC). This is my first time trying TOZO product. At this price point, the ANC is really impressive. The transparent mode sounded not only natural but at this price point, this can’t be beat. The sound quality is also impressive. The bass is deep and the mids and highs are good. Definitely recommend if you are looking for an ANC earbuds with transparent mode yet don’t want to break bank!
I bought these to use while running.  I run mostly outdoors between 5-10 mile runs.  The battery life is great.  These connect perfectly to my apple watch.  The stay on without issue (put the strap under your chin not behind your neck).  They have held up great to moisture.  I have bought a number of pairs and given them to family and friends and have received great feedback.
Why pay hundreds of $$$'s for headphones when you can buy these JVC's??  Sound quality is great, nice colors & they feel comfortable!  JVC proves that Yeezy + Beats = BS.
Not worth the 25$ week Bass and treble ,ok for listings to audiobooks and podcasts not for hard rock and heavy Metal which is what I listen too
Bought these 5 years ago, still going strong but finally lost the padding on both headphones inside the headset and started to hurt my ears when I slept on my side, so I bought a new pair! These are awesome. Battery life is great, fast charge, no annoying beeps or anything when they run out of batteries, good volume, comfy, & seem to keep going and going without breaking! Money well spent.
Good quality product with better price
Awesome deal $$!!!
Recomendadisimo para oficina o lugares de trabajo con mucho ruido ambiental
I really want to love these headphones.  The sound quality is very good.  The connect quickly and easily.Two issues:The seal around my rather large ears and my inner ear hurts after about 30 mins.  It feels like it's suction.Second, when I am alone in my office and playing rock n roll, which is one of the reasons I got them, if I sing along, it stops playing.  I think it's suppose to be a convenience feature, but it's kind of frustrating.  I also talk to myself when working on complex problems and that stops the music.My old ten year old Bose weren't noise cancelling, but overall I liked them much better.  I think I will pull them out and get some new ear pads for them.Do try these Sonys.  I think a lot of people will really love them despite the issue I pointed out.
I had originally ordered the Bluetooth version of the headphones, but twice Amazon sent the wired version. I noticed that the box had a barcode sticker on the box for the Bluetooth version, yet the headphones they sent were the wired version. After returning both pairs, I decided to order directly from the JLab site, thinking that I would be sent the correct headphones if I took Amazon out of the loop. No! Apparently JLab's orders are fulfilled by Amazon, so here was my THIRD pair of wired headphones when I should've received Bluetooth.Wait, you're saying. Why the five-star review then?After I received the third pair of wired headphones, I took to Twitter. I tweeted both JLab and Amazon about the issue, and shortly thereafter was contacted by the VP of Operations at JLab who took personal control of my case and had a new Bluetooth pair sent to me from JLab directly. Today I received them and they're great! Lightweight, comfortable, paired with my phone immediately, and awesome range. Great product, and great customer service from JLab!(The issue, apparently, is that Amazon was putting the Bluetooth barcodes on the wired headphones. Hopefully that situation will be resolved soon.)
Headphones are clear and very comfortable to wear.
...aber etwas gewöhnungsbedürftig. Leider sind die Hörer für meinen Kopf SEHR groß, sodass sie ständig herunterfallen. Für das Joggen bieten sie keine gute Alternative zu In-Ear-Hörern. Der Klang als solcher ist absolut fantastisch und auch in geringer Lautstärke spitzenmäßig!Kaufempfehlung für alle mit größerem Kopfumfang.
I was primarily attracted to this for its colour as I wanted a gift for my young niece.Before giving it to her I tried it, it paired with my Iphone as well as Android device seamlessly. It takes couple of hours to get fully charged. It is small enough to sit nicely and comfortably in the ear without falling out. Sound quality and noise cancellation is good and satisfactory.The price specially with the discount coupon is very reasonable. All in all a very satisfactory purchase.
Did not fit or stay in at all. Ended up wearing a hat to hold them in. Then found even at the highest volume it was weak and certainly did not cancel any noise. Returning.
We have had them less than 2 months and they are broken 😫
My son can’t get enough of these headphones.
Have pretty good sound quality, pairs easily. Cord is very long and gets tangled, and the earpieces can get pretty uncomfortable. One of the earbuds stopped working after just a couple of months, so now only one side works.
While using Bluetooth there is a lag in the audio when watching TV...Netflix...YouTube...so the actors lips doesn't sync with the audio.This varies -- sometimes it's worse than other times.So I've resorted to using the cord.
JBL earbuds come with three sets of earbuds, small medium and large. Other earbuds brands I have ordered to have had five sets. The largest ones are not large enough for my ears, thus the ambient noise is bothersome and their noise canceling ability is much less than it would be if they had larger earbuds.If you have large ear canals then you might consider a different product.  I haven't had this problem with any other brand.
Not worth the money sound is horrible for a pair of beats. Background noise is heard while on phone or listening to music. They don’t stay in your ear & I’ve tried all the the different sizes provided. Let’s not forget the extra $22 just to be able to charge them. If want a pair of headphones that don’t stay in & sound bad these are perfect for you. The only reason I’m keeping is because I do t feel like searching for another pair
Honestly, I liked them until one ear bud started to lose its sound after a month and it’a too late to return it. I didn’t handle them roughly, the cord just hasn’t held up.
Amazing battery life. Sound is awesome.
Amazing sound quality and design in these!
I bought these for my boyfriend for our two year anniversary and he loved these.  He has been a DJ in the past and so could recognize good quality.  He said the sound quality was great and that they were comfortable.  I also got them for around $100 regular about $200 so I was happy for that.
Wow, I work in tech. These are hyped. The user experience connecting is horrible. Never connected to the device I want. The voice assistant is horrible. The power button doesn’t always work, you never know if they are on or off because no LED tells you. Can’t believe Sony pushed this out. The app sucks and is confusing
Very good headset with good sound and since it is Bluetooth you do not have to worry about wires.
Der Klang und die noise cancelling Funktion sind hervorragend. Das Akku hält bei mir bis zu 14 Stunden. Das Produkt wirkt sehr gut verarbeitet und sieht gut aus. Der Tragekomfort ist sehr komfortabel... Auch bei längerem Tragen drückt nix.Allerdings gibt es zwei Punkte Abzug für die Zustellung des Produkts. Ich lebe in einer Großstadt in einem Mehrpersonenhaus. Dieses teure Produkt wurde mir "unter meiner Fußmatte" zugestellt und lag da Gott sei Dank noch, als ich nach Hause gekommen bin. In der ZustellerInformation wurde behauptet, dass mir der Artikel persönlich übergeben wurde. Das geht gar nicht Amazon!!!
I love these headphones I bought 3 pairs
Headphones did their job. I only used them as a set of headphones for gaming, but they got knocked off wrong which caused one of the swivels to break. I only had these headphones for half a year.
I do loose connection and have to fight it a bit to properly switch between my iPad and iPhone. It likes to connect to last used device. Occasionally, the sound gets garbled, and I do not know why, but it's rare.I have trouble with all earbuds staying in my ear. I think they are different sizes. So, since it came with multiple ear piece covers, I switched them to different ones, and that seems to help. They are pretty comfortable. The sound quality is good. The charger case is very nice. I always worry about loosing earbuds.I would purchase again.
Comfortable earphones at a good price
Yesterday I received this headphone.NO damage on arrival. I have mentioned the ratings as per my experience using this headphone1) Sound quality is excellent. * * * * *2) Noise cancellation is worth the price * * * *3) Volume control is excellent * * * * *4)  Weight of headphone is little more compare to others. This can be taken care by design for next release of headphone.5)  Easy to carry in bag back. * * * * *6) It was delivered with pouch, charging cable (micro), 3,5mm jack cable as you can see in the picture attached.Overall it is a headphone to buy at this price!
I love the sound the perfect size and how long the battery last
Me gusta que tenga reducción de ruido, pero no me gusta sea liviana.La potencia de sonido no es mala, pero tampoco excepcional, aunque no puedes pedir peras al olmo, debido al precio.Si buscas auriculares para escuchar TV u otros dispositivos, a precio comedido, con reducción de ruido (liviana) y con duración de batería sobrada. Te serán útiles.Si buscas más calidad, también tendrás que pagar mínimo un 40% más.El envío fue correcto y sin problema.
Comfortable fit, good sound quality for music, as well as good sound quality in calls for both ends. Good battery life as well. Trickier to get out of the case itself than others, but not bad once you learn the trick to it (putting your finger at the back of the earbud to pop it out instead of “pinching” the front and back and pulling them out).
These are excellent monitor headphones. I use them for playing guitar through a Vox amplug2 style amp. Great natural sound at both ends and nice midrange. Comfortable around the ears as I wear them for hours at a time. Great buy...!!
Bin sprachlos: gestern bestellt. Heute geliefert bekommen. Es handelt sich um günstige Kopfhörer. Ich wollte nicht mehr als 50 Euro ausgeben. Und nun bin ich positiv was ich hier für 40,99 € erhalte. Eine chice Geschenkverpackung. Ein Case für unterwegs (das war mir wichtig für den Transport im Rucksack). 2 Kabel. Und wertig verarbeitete Kopfhörer. Der Klang ist für mich in Ordnung. Es ist nicht wie bei BOSE, aber dafür zahlt man eben auch deutlich weniger. Einziger Kritikpunkt: in der kleinsten Einstellung rutscht mir der Kopfhörer fast vom Kopf. Aber da ich bei Brillen auch immer die schmalen Gestelle nehmen muss, liegt es wohl am Kopf. Ich werde die Srhythm trotzdem behalten.
Muy bueno les dura mucho la carga
For great value sound for gaming these ear clip ons are fantastic though it’s clip on design kinda sucks as I wear glasses and find the process of taking 30 seconds per ear to fit these to my head annoying. Can’t argue with the sound quality for music either as the it’s wide sound stage and resolution is on par with way more expensive headphones I own
they only worked once after the first charge and wouldnt power on again after.
These are decent, good value headphones.
Seemed like a nice product. I purchased it as a present for my daughter and they showed up broken. She did not save the packaging and since it was a gift it's been a long time since the original purchase. It sat under an artificial tree so no water involved and it's broken.
Comfortable to wear for my big head.  Seems well built.  Quality sound.  My ears get warm but never hot.  My other pair is Bose 700 and these are not better but perfectly good.
Pros:- Good price, generally work as intended, seem to have decent battery life, mostly stay in my ears except for really bumpy trails on long runsCons:- These headphones are overly sensitive to touch, causing unintended button presses. Voice control constantly activates by accident for me, even just from sweat during a run, sometimes immediately dialing someone. I have voice control and siri completely disabled on my iPhone 11, have been over and over every setting mentioned anywhere for disabling these but still have this issue. This is bad enough I'm going to switch to something else- Sound isn't that loud. Most other headphones I have at half volume. These are at the top or one down for me always, and I somewhat frequently find myself trying to raise the volume for some songs when it's already maxed out
Amazing sound quality!!!
These are better headphones than the ones I had but I am using them specifically attached to a large Rodgers Organ.  The midrange is fine, the high range is excellent but the low range is not quite as good.  Reading other comments things get better with further usage.
I was able to put the headphones on over my bonnet and it was very comfortable. I was able to block out my noisy upstairs neighbors. Didn’t hear his elephant stomps around the apartment or his dog running and thumping around at all hours of night and day. Would definitely recommend.
I don't know how they sound. Just a quick warning. They claimed to be Over the Ear, but they're not. They're On the Ear headphones. I sent them back without trying them.
Really nice headphones with microphone.  Easy to install.  Very good noise cancellation.  Excellent audio.  Compatible with Cisco IP phone.  Pairing was successful every time.  They worked beautifully on bluetooth for about a week.  They fit my head well and did not fall off.  The mute on the mic is very convenient.  Then, after being off during the weekend, they would not come back on.  Tried everything -  recharging, using as wired, turning off and back on, charging on another device  --- they would not hold a charge.  I had to use them as wired.  So if you do not need these to be wireless, they are excellent.
Pro audio descriptions are loaded with hyperbole. I have been struggling for 3 decades to record choirs and orchestras, and want to hear natural, full, clear sound that I can picture with my eyes closed. The HD650s do just that. If you want to hear everything and enjoy what you hear, buy these headphones.
Lo uso prácticamente para todo. Tomar conferencias desde la laptop o celular, llamadas, música. Tomar cursos en línea.
Bought July 2009 which was 11 years ago and used for 3 weeks every year on holiday. I've bought replacement pads a couple of times to freshen them up which can be bought here on Amazon.They've finally broken just now in October 2021 - Not bad at all in my opinion!Great sound quality, very comfortable. The only downside is that they are open so you do get a lot of sound leaking out to those around you at higher volumes.Highly recommended  - will be buying another set for sure
When I first got this product, it was snug and worked like how it was supposed to. Considering the price, i would've expected te product to last longer than 3 months. It was loose around the head but the sound quality remained the same. I would recommend to not get this product if you want something with a long amount of service.
They are the best, i love using them when i play the Drums
I bought mine in May2021 and within 6 months the right side quilt working and the left side won't work unless I flick it with my finger 10 times like a loose wire in it . So I can only use one earbud now . The  charging wire became frayed and had to tape it but you can get another from the Dollar store .  The good things are it charges fast and holds a charge for days , like the hooks but the earbuds are large and stick out your ears . Sound is great . Each year better models come out . I bought one without hooks and one fell into the toilet as it flushed.
These babies work!
Absolute garbage. The sound quality out of these is atrocious.
The battery life is really good and I am surprised how long they last.  I wasn’t Sure what to expect for the price. But they turned out to be great noise cancellation is Very good. They are comfortable on the ears and can wear them in bed as well as walking and light jogging.  I would buy these again.
If you're a producer looking to tap into a whole new level of sound, stop looking - buy these right now.
They lasted 3 hours with a 9-year-old girl.  The pivot mechanism is weak on the ends.
This head set works great for me at the gym and has a lot of great features.  Sound quality is good for the value.Had a problem with the battery charger and Deni from Power Locus was great to deal with, he replaced by headset within days.  My wife has had hers for a year now and is enjoying it for the same purposes.
For the price the sound quality is great. I am a little disappointed however that they don't stay in my ears very well, especially when I running.The hooks over the tops of the ears don't do anything to help.
Super bass sound as well as the other components sounds in the item
When I first got these headphones, I was blown away by how great the sound quality was when listening to music. It truly felt like a surround-sound theater. However, I work at a call center and need quality headphones. Ever since I first used these, there were complaints that I sounded muffled, too far away from the phone, and overall complaints about how customers could "barely hear me". I got very frustrated very fast with these headphones, which is a shame because all the other reviews could not praise them enough. They're a good, affordable option if you just want to listen to music, but if headphones are your life, it's better to go with someone else.
These are great headphones for the money. Not reference quality, but they're light, comfortable and have a good soundstage. They also cancel outside noise fairly well. Two different cables is a bonus. Very satisfied with the purchase.
My granddaughter feels so fancy with these and doesn’t have to steal her moms anymore 🥰
Very informative & detailed
My grandson loved his gift!
These are awesome bluetooth headphones; especially so when you consider the price as compared to those bearing the name of a has been rapper.  Out of the box these were charged up sufficiently to pair them up with my Apple Ipod Nano and my Apple IPAD.  The range is fantastic!  I placed my Ipod on the kitchen table with a song playing and then wandered throughout the house without a single hiccup!  The pairing process is quite simple and the instructions although in poor English are easy to follow.So far they have worked well on my bicycle, walking, and in an airplane.  The sound quality for me is not one iota better than the high dollar wired headset I used prior to getting these.I highly recommend this product!
Great
I like. Comfortable. Old fashioned.
great sound for a very reasonable price
Volume
These are the BEST headsets I've ever owned! Lots of features! I love the app. It has equalizer and sleep functions. Awesome bass response! The noise cancelation is the best I've ever experienced and the transparency mode is very useful. You use that function if you want to talk to someone in the room and you don't want to remove your headsets.  Battery life is great!! 30 to 40 hours depending on whether you're using the noise cancelation mode.. I would recommend these to anyone!
I just received this but am happy with it already. I have small ears and it is comfortable. I haven’t had a call yet but the music sound is great. Love the case.
Very good.
I love these, and I love the noise cancellation it’s the best feature
Perfect for everyday use!
I like the colors and clarity of the volume
I love buying headphones and the only problem is my ears start getting hot or sweaty and for me that may be an inconvenience. I tried earphones but they kept falling off and so I decided to give this a try since I've been curious about them for a while. Shokz fit well, have great sound, and bes of all I don't get any sweat or have to clean wax off of them and I can keep them on a very low volume and still hear my music clearly along with conversations around me. I would recommend getting them.
These headphones are great.  Pinpoint imaging and detail with a really "black" background.  Very comfortable.  High bass through high midrange is about as good as you can get.  Very even sounding and enjoyable.  I'm using a Schiit Heresy, Modi 3+, Loki+ stack with Amazon HD source and the latest Oratory 1990 EQ settings.
I was given a pair of TOZO T10 earbuds last Christmas as a gift and the quality was great. I needed a new set so I decided to grab the NC9 and I am impressed how well the quality is. Very well done.
I don’t hate these headphone but I’m also not overwhelmed by them. Which is what I expected for the price point. I have wanted Bose headphones for 15 years. I remember listening to them on Best Buy demo and thought they were the most amazing headphone I had ever put on my head. Needless to say this was something I was super hyped about getting I read reviews I looked at pros and cons I did a lot of research before just buying these. So let’s start with the pros. The headphones are comfortable which was a big thing for me since I wear glasses. I always have a hard time finding on ear or over headphones that are comfortable.but that is pretty much where pros end for me. So now I will get into the cons first off the app has an eq that gives you the illusion of choice. If you turn up the bass the sound actually goes down so when listening to rap or hip hop you don’t really get that bump. I mainly listen to metal so I messed with the treble a bit for some crunchier guitar sound and it did the same thing and volume went down. Outside of that I have a difficult time keeping these on my head if you move a lot the “sleek” design they use make them want to fold in on themselves and slide off your head.** I would not recommend working out or running with these on** bottom line these are extremely over priced for what is delivered.
I have a fat head. If I wore it as directed, my voice sounds muffled. If it is all in front than its fine.They do not hold charge well.  If you leave them fully charged on your desk for a week than try and use them; the battery will be drained.
The noise cancellation feature is very good. I can go to the gym and jam out without having to hear their music. Great buy for the money.
This is my second pair (my dog ate the first pair) and I waited until I used them several nights before writing this review.Just like my first beloved pair, these are soft and comfortable. I sleep on my side and the speaker does not hurt my ear at all.The controls are easy to use when I’m wearing them and they paired to my phone in just a few seconds with no issues.I use these to listen to sleep meditations and the sound quality is excellent for my purposes.
estan buena las bocinas aunque podrian sonar todavia mejor
Excellent sound quality and noise cancellation. I can listen to audiobooks with amazing clarity while flying. With the touch of a button, I can have a conversation without taking them off.
I love my Bone Conduction Headphone!!! The sounds is so clear while listening to music and on calls. I plan buying a couple more for my kids. I just love for the fact that I don't have to insert anything in my ear drum.
I like the earbuds I'm used to Jaybirds so it's going to take some time to get used to how beats operate. The case however it's unacceptable. It's doesn't feel quality at all, loose hinge, no tension when opening and closing the case, super slick, and and the earbuds keep playing even when the case is closed. I don't like that.
My 5 year old loves these headphones! They fit great, sound great, battery life so far seems long lasting. The rose gold is true to color and a perfect choice. Bluetooth was super easy to connect.
Bought them as a gift for someone and they have called several times to tell me how much they like them!
Good sound and they stay in place unless the back gets bumped which happens a lot to me making these a bad product for my needs.
This is my second Music Cozy which has small design changes that improve ease of use!
She loved the item
I found these earbuds probably 4 or 5 years ago now. The way these fit in your ear is absolutely perfect, and I don't think I'll ever wear any other earbud!I use larger noise-cancelling headphones when I do desk work, but when I work out, go to class, or do anything active, these are the best companion to have! They are relatively cheap, so I usually go through 2 or 3 pairs a year (again, I wear them several hours a day whenever I do anything that could damage them). Although, I do mistreat these earbuds greatly, so they are amazing to have with good sound, but they definitely aren't indestructible.
The sound is fine on these, but the touch sensor is so sensitive that it will often falsely register even if I just have damp hair. With Wet or damp hair, turning my head and having my hair touch the top of the earbud will often pause it. Sometimes my hair will make it register as a hold and I’ll either get a increasing or decreasing volume due to this.This got so annoying I ordered a different earbud with a physical button because I can’t wear these working outside when I sweat, or around the house after I take a shower. I gave 3 star because the sound quality is fine, so it deserves marks for that.Edit: After leaving a 3 star review, I have received an email every day for the last week that is copy pasted offer me a refund if I upgrade the review to 5 stars. These did not come via normal amazon message but direct to me email. Buyer beware that they will spam you relentlessly to try and get a 5* review for their mediocre product
La relacion calidad precio es muy buena y de hecho suenan genial, planos, pero se trata de eso, sonido natural y claro, son muy comodos.Peeero, los compre en lugar de otros por que segun lei en los comentarios traian de regalo otro cble y otras almoadillas de tercio`pelo, ideales para el verano, pero no ha sido asi, me enviaron otros , pero vienen igual y no puedo seguirn con las devoluciones, ya que los necesito para editar sonido, ademas MUCHO OJO, yo ingrese 60€ porque asi me hacian una bonificacion previa de 8€, como asi fue, pero si los devuelvo pierdo esos 8€, asi que cuidado que yo ingrese antes de comprarlos 60€ que amazon tuvo en su poder para cuando hiciera la compra de lo que fuera y luego si devuelves pierdes la promocion.No he quedado satisfecho.
Not bad. This is the last time I will pay for cheap headphones. Over the years I have probably spent more money on cheap headphones than anything else. Some were more expensive than others. I think I have sensitive ears and require a level of quality I can’t afford! I’m really serious about my music and I want my masters to sound as good as possible. If you are reading this just save up for a better pair. visit a music store if you can. UPDATE: I took my own advice and went to a store. The real problem has been that I need my ear to befree of the covers because it becomes painful. I think it’s taken me far too long to figure this out! Now,you can save time :)
Absolutely love these earbuds. I've had them for 2 months and haven't even had to charge them yet!! Super worth the money!!
product arrived on time and as advertised. good earphones for music.
I purchased these for my son because of the reviews and the quality of the name.I wish I had done more research. The quality is actually good, but I have multiple issues with these headphones.When my son started using them, he complained that he could only wear them for an hour before they started hurting. Since he is nine, I assumed he was just wearing them a little tight.After about a month he quit using them completely, so I started to use them and gave him a pair of Wyze headphones.After wearing them once, I totally agree with him. First, the padding on the headband is not enough. It would almost be better not to have any since what is there is not enough to matter. In addition to this, the ear cups are so small, they do not actually fit around your ears, but pretty much pin your ears to your head. After a little while of wearing them, the top of your head AND your ears hurt!Moving from the uncomfortable, we go on to the buttons. Whomever thought that it was a good idea to have so many buttons on one ear should be fired. There are five buttons. The power button, volume up/down, a multi-function button that pushes left right and in and another button right next to it. They are also extremely close together. When wearing thin gloves, good luck trying to hit one button. Also, the power button has to be pressed 3 seconds to be turned on, more, it goes into pairing mode, less, no dice. The only indication that they are on is a tiny single click that sounds like static.Next, these headphones do allow you to pair to two different devices, but don't expect multipoint. They are not. Adding to this, if are connected to two devices and walk away from one, a kind voice tells you that they disconnected, and will continue to say it every 20 or 30 seconds and NOT stop. Usually by the 4th or 5th reminder, I turn the headphones ofd and back on. This does fix that. I even emailed support about this and got a generic answer that pretty much said they were working properly.With all of this in mind, these are FAR from worth the price.I have a pair of Sony's and a pair of Wyze. The Sony headphones have better noise cancellation and are far more comfortable for the same price. The Wyze are also far more comfortable, have better noise cancellation, better functionality and only cost $50.
The product offers what is said in the description.
It's ok for the price but it's not really noise canceling but it works nicely
Easy to pair. Fits the ear well. Good enough sound for the price. I would recommend.
These are so great! Sound quality is good and the cord is wrapped in strong material so it's almost impossible to ruin. They are a God send if you're sick of having to hear Blippi day after day 😂
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                             These TOZO NC2 earphones with ANC look sleek and come with multi-sizes ear buds for a superior fit. Originally I didn't really like the extended stems but they actually aren't obtrusive or look awkard when worn.I particularly like the sound quality. Better bass and the ANC also worked better than a previous model I had. Since I do a lot of outdoors activities with lots of street noises, it's really great to be able to listen to music and podcasts without constantly having to adjust the volume level.
It came in a cool little case, I also liked that the buds are magnetic, hardly ever gets tangled. If you are an audiophile, you will enjoy these.
Peut-être le meilleur casque que j’ai jamais testé et eu en ma possession. Un confort d’écoute, et une restitution du son ma foi magnifique. Jamais épuisé d’écouter avec ce casque, pas de douleur au niveau auriculaire après de longues heures d’écoutes. Je ne peux que conseiller l’achat de ce casque au demeurant très peu onéreux vis-à-vis de certains concurrents bien connus et au combien autant voir bien mieux en équivalence.
Item is still holding up to my  daily abuse
for my grandson and he loves them
Left side battery will run for 3 hours and right side will last for 4 hours. Will not complete a full 8 hour work day.
good~ item
Auriculares para monitorear audio, dan una respuesta de frecuencias plana, pero lo suficiente para ser nítida y conservadora, a mi parecer me agrada más el sonido que en los m50x, si tú intencion son unos audiculares con un excelente sonido equilibrado, de acústica cerrada con buen aislamiento de ruido, sin ser algo fenomenal estos son para ti, pero si quieres una escucha más musical y divertida con un alce en graves debes ir por los m50x
I like them very useful and battery life is great
More than the 93 dbs that this put out, the fragile build, and the tear-away construction, these headphones suffer from having terrible sound quality.  It's like those pneumatic earphones they used to give away for free on airplanes.In fact, those airplane earphones are in every way superior to these, as they made no pretensions to being anything other than disposable.
Great headset until the on / off switch ceased too work as the button will not press.  Now it is useless.Pretty annoyed as this is the 3rd Soundcore product I own.
Not worth it. It disconnects for no reason
OK for cheap set till I save for better pair but after a few hours hurt my ears but for general use they would be fine
I'm using it for couple of days and I'm very happy . Comfortable to wear and easy to use.
I’m not going to be around the bush here these headphones are not better than the Sony MDR-XB950N1. These are more quiet and have alot LESS bass. You dont get as much detail when listening to rock music either. On the N1s you can hear more detail with the bass on max than you can with these with the bass on zero. Extremely disappointed
Simple to set and use. Until now great product used daily!
These sound fine. I've had earbuds that sound as good and battery lasts as long for half the price. I don't use most of the Skullcandy features. Spotify connect notification won't go away when these are paired to your phone. The thing that really gets to me is the right earbud won't disconnect unless I set it in the case just right. Even then half the time it just reconnects. After a couple months of this it's become pretty infuriating. Why can't it just work the way it's supposed to. I paid enough money they it should. Not worth the cost considering
Awesome headphone with very good sound quality I am reviewing this product after a 5 years of usage but still in new condition.yoy can check out pics alsoConsLittle heavyLittle bit tight but it will affect you only for few days then they will become comfortableOverall excellent headphones
Muy cómodos y prácticos, no incomodan aunque lo traigas puesto mucho tiempo
The fit is ackward. They fall easily from your ears, so be careful when running or outdoor activities. Sound quality is great, battery life is adequate, could be better fora Beats product.
I was originally very impressed by the quality of these headphones and they were great for running however; one headphone stopped working after a few months.  It simply will not charge on the charger. I was disappointed that they did not last longer.
Didn't last long
I’d invest in a better quality one than this next time - sound quality isnt good. But you get what you pay for and if you’re on a tight budget they do work.
These are good headphones for the price. The battery lasts a long time, and the sound quality is good for listening to podcasts and audiobooks. The band is comfortable to wear in bed. My only complaint is that the speakers are a bit thick compared to my old set of sleep headphones, so my ear hurts a bit when I lie on my side. But my old sleep headphones were more than three times more expensive, so I can deal with the slight discomfort.
Absolutely love this headphones. Great and wide sound stage. Really good for gaming. I was not expecting it to be good for gaming. The bass is great for open design. Music is crystal clear not far from my dt880  but those lacl a bout of the umph in bass this makes up for. Over all great!
Great quality....I thought the ear wrap around pieces might be annoying but the were not. Very comfortable....even when I fell asleep in them. Also have AirPods Pro....sound quality is about the same. Noise cancellation is better on the AirPods but the comfort by far goes to the Beats
nice
I am satisfied with this product.
These are really great headphones! The noise cancellation is amazing, the battery life is super impressive too. For the price I'm extremely happy with these. Have recommended it to 2 friends and they also love them!!
Works good until the cable starts to break were the strain relief ends on the maleconnector.. This is the second one i'm ordering only because the price is inexpensive. Would have liked it better if the connector was a right angle instead as the picture showed when i orderd it. Could use a more durable cable.
Gr8 product,  lov lov lov it.
Positiv das Noise Cancelling ist wirklich gut, der Comfort wäre top wenn der Bügel auch etwas Polsterung abbekommen hätte, so ist er nur „Okay“Sein kleiner Bruder kann Bass besser, dafür ist hier die Bühne größer dafür der Punch etwas weicher.
Sound quality is excellent as expected. To bad the USPS mis-sorted my package and they arrived 2 days late. The cord seems good quality  .
Very tight fit, squeezes the head, but I guess that's because it's new. Sound quality is weak, the headphones I got from an airline are louder!
Works well!
I love to cook and rock out at the same time.  These buds work well for me,  And they do not fall out of my ears into the soup!  This is my first experience with ear buds (I'm a senior), so I was apprehensive, but they are surprisinginly easy to use.  Sound quality is fine for my purposes ( not much bass) since I'm not trying to shut out the rest of the world.
The sound is fantastic. I have small ears, and wireless buds have always been an issue with falling out. These are perfect!
I was looking for much more expensive headphones until I came to my senses. Decided to get a pair under $20 and came across these beauties for $15. I love the clip on over the ear, no more jamming the earbud inside my ear. The sound is very good, and very comfortable. For $15, oh yeah.I know others don't like the looks, I don't mind them, but they're headphones - who cares about looks?
So far, these are awesome. The charging case is small and light. They fit snug in your ears and the cushions have various sizes depending on your ear's size. Compared to the T10, it has pros and cons. I like these because the case is tiny and it works well with Siri. My only complaint that is that the charging case is so small that my wieless charging pad doesn't recognize it. I love my T10s because they can wirelessly charge and the earbuds and charging case are waterproof. I can't say I have a favorite because they both have their ups and downs.
These headphones offer some terrific sound given the price point, but quite simply, they are the most uncomfortable headphones I have ever purchased. When I first tried these on, my average sized head literally felt like it was being CRUSHED IN A VICE!!! No matter what position I adjust the headband, I would feel pain and numbness in my ears, eyes and nose within 10 minutes of use. My vision would also get blurry. The foam pads on the on the phones are certainly soft enough, so I think the issue is the headband itself. It's made of a very thick plastic and has no flexibility at all causing the headphone to "clamp" too tightly on my head.I tried to break these in by storing them on a life-size human skull made of clay that I had lying around from my art college days. To a small degree, that actually helped. After awhile the numbness mostly went away, but they are still pretty uncomfortable to wear for more than 40 minutes or so.Unfortunately, after a few months of use, the right headphone jack is now malfunctioning, causing the sound in the left earcup to cut in and out, so I have to use the left headphone cord which is too short for my needs.
These are the earphones I've waited for all of my life...the sound is amazing...the battery life is far superior to anything I've ever used and the they are so comfortable!  After a little while I don't even notice I am wearing them.  Finally someone got it right!!!
Great sound quality
Perfect. Best price I could find.
Got a pair for my daughter for kindergarten and she used them a few times before school started and then got all sad that they would have to go to school and stay at school. Then my 3 year old also got really sad that she didn't have fun headphones too. So now I've gotten 3 pairs of this headphone in all different colors haha. They are adjustable so my 3 year old can get them to fit just as nicely as my 5 year old, and just as nicely as I can adjust them to fit my giant adult size head. I tested each pair out first to make sure they worked and the sound quality in all of them was pretty impressive given the price of the headphones. It was a little more expensive than what I would want to spend on headphones for my kids, however, the quality definitely matches the price point here. Highly recommend!
This little thing, (you’ll see when you get it), works great. My wife, yes my wife, snores! Lol. I’ve tried plugs, cotton balls, ear buds of various types - nothing works. Plugs and cotton didn’t stop the noise and ear buds jammed into my head while I  slept was painful. The speakers here are where they need to be. I had NO PAIN when I woke up. My ears and head felt great. Full battery when I went to bed. A little more then 1/2 left when I got up. Battery life is awesome. This this is a life saver.
Only earbuds that have never falling out my ears and are loud af
These are great for the price. Awesome noise cancelling. I even used these for shooting my Guns and they we Awesome.
Best quality sound! Stays charged for 24 hours. And unlike Airpods they can’t fall out of your ears and get lost!!
Reading the description you’d think this was purpose built for women, and may not fit a man. Well, I was at least. Im 6’6” tall and have a massive noggin. These fit my head perfectly. Comfortable as all hell and can even lay in bed on my side without any discomfortIn ear buds never fit my ears right, and bulky over ears aren’t ideal for many situations. I’ve always liked the behind the head style headphones and these have been the best ones yet. The sound quality isn’t perfect, but it is plenty loud and its balanced well, no distortion even at max volume. Battery life is EXTREMELY GOOD, with me having them on and paired for 4 DAYS AND NIGHTS without even getting below 25% battery. Bluetooth 5.0 means there is basically no latency at all, connections are solid and i can leave my device in the attic and still listen in the basement.My only gripe is with the lights which seem to flash more frequently than any others I’ve ever owned. Its easily fixed with a piece of electrical tape or with black nail polish. I love having dedicated buttons for skipping tracks, vol+ & vol-, and play/pause/multi, and I love these headphones. Will buy again. id buy more now if they had green ones.
High quality audio, light weight and good battery life.
My AirPods that came with my phone broke and these are a great replacement.. Just like the ones I had and came fast!
For me if you have the volume all the way up it definitely is great noise canceling when listening to music. I had couple people tell me the sound quality of the phone call was great crystal clear I also love the variety of colors will be buying another one once the ones I have put in their good use hoping to get years of use from these
It could be a bit bigger for my head.Like buying a hat - should have tried it on first.
very comfortable and exactly what I wanted
👎🏼
My earphones broke after less than a month. I am glad I have more than one pair because I would not be happy. They do work great though just a little cheap wiring.
I bought them from a sony authorized store and they came brand new sealed and everything
Listen to the reviews.  Good headphone if you have a small head.  They are pretty small even adjusted to the largest setting
fonctionne bien
für meine Externe Platte.Die Lieferung war schnell und sie tut, für was sie bestimmt ist. Hat meine Festplatte auf einigen Reisen schon sehr gut geschützt.
I overall really like these Bluetooth earbuds!! They have pretty great sound, noise cancellation, battery life, and controls. My only qualm has been with the fitting to my ears (inside-wide). Perhaps I just have weird ears (actually probably this) but it took me quite a while to find a silicon piece that wasn’t slipping out. Eating with them in means for me that they fall out, but I know that now and it doesn’t really bother me anymore (as much). Been using them for about a month straight and have only had to charge a few times, which is nice! Plus it charged wirelessly or with USB-C, so it is a fast charge. I recommend these for a cheaper, yet still quality purchase!
The noise canceling is decent— it only blocks out minor noises. Sound quality is fine, though I do hear an alarming cutting sound at times. The battery lasts a good while, so that’s a plus. Just not worth the selling price. Bose Quietcomfort isn’t as good as it used to be. If you’re new to these types of noise cancelling headphones you’re going to feel like your ears are clogged only to still hear background noise.
It's amazing how this item can be manufactured and sale for $20.  Sound quality is decent.  Plastic feels cheap but it has held up so far for a few weeks of daily use.  Battery last about 4-5 hours.  Negative thing is that it does not remember the volume setting between power on/off.  It's also hard to fine tune the volume to the desire level.
good quality for the price.
J'aime bien ces ecoureur. le réducteur de bruit est bon mais il y en a de meilleur. mais pour le prix , c'est bon
Not to sturdy
Comfortable and great battery life but those on the other end of the call repeatedly complained about the quality of the call. Returned, still looking for something to meet all my needs- comfortable , with 10+ hrs battery life and clear phone calls
After using for almost 2 months:Very good sound and base quality.But while using headphone mic it is not cancelling noise.
These sound really good and block out a lot of background noise, perfect for the price, the materials they are made out of feels really premium, they bend in a really nice way and the ear pads are soft and compfy
Comfortable fit and good sound
I've had it for a few weeks and it works perfectly fine.  You can still hear some ambient noise in loud places (like on a plane) but it's 10x better than using regular airpods.  They're quite comfortable and the controls work well enough.  I use it often with my apple tv and it works great.  I just use Siri to say "connect bluetooth" and it brings me to settings where I add it in "remotes and devices".  Takes 5-10 seconds.  I'm going to buy my wife the same set.
Son de muy buena calidad, quede completamente satisfecho
As described
Great headphones! I had the lower version of these and liked them as well, but upgraded to these and the retractable cords are great. The SEEM flimsy, but they aren't. Sound great and connects easily..
These headphones work great for a reasonable price.
Love the individual controls, on-ear fit, and battery life. Loud and clear enough for a 55 year old 🧓.
Never had bone conduction headset before and am truly happy at how good they are! The battery life is incredible, my ears don't hurt with buds in the canal, and the hear-through ability is great for running in busy areas. Keep in mind they are NOT noise cancelling at all and you will hear surrounding noises, but they do exactly as intended.
I bought these headphones for my teen daughter, and she's happy with them! She assured me that the noise is not 100% cancelled  but enough so thatch doesn't have to endure the crazy noises on the school bus , but  still can hear me if I talk to her :)  She's real satisfied. And she loves the yellow color.
I own a pair of Trek Aftershocks and these headphones do a good job of creating a cheaper version that's still functional. Of course, the build quality doesn't feel as solid, but it's only really noticeable in the buttons. They just feel cheaper, but that's fine because the price justifies it. Perfect for working in an office setting.
Good product
Great deal very comfortable fast charging
Does the job it was required to do well. Comes with an extra pocket inside for storing memory cards etc.
Great product for the money.
I have not found a decent set of headphones yet.
I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine who is a music producer and singer. He was over the moon and calls me almost every day to thank me. Apparently, this is the one to buy!
I got tired of having a cord for my earbuds that kept wearing out. After checking big box stores, their buds were rather pricey. These were very reasonably price. I was surprised it took about 20 minutes to fully charge the buds. About an hour for the charging case. When I found the size that fit best, very quickly was able to pair to my phone. I was truly impressed with the sound quality.  So now when I am at work or mowing the yard, I can just put them in and do my tasks.The battery life seems to be 5 to 6 hours before you hear a very polite voice telling you to please plug in to charge.I am very happy with these buds.
Bon produit je recommande
Avant de vous livrer mon évaluation, je voudrais, pour tordre le cou à une idée reçue, vous raconter un peu l'histoire de l'achat de ce casque. Je cherchais un remplaçant à mon (très) vieux HD 540 qui tombait en ruines après près de 20 ans de bons et loyaux services et, je m'étais tout d'abord intéressé, tout naturellement au HD 650 qui semblait le successeur tout désigné. Seul hic, tous les tests en ligne le décrivaient comme, certes, très bon, mais aussi très difficile à alimenter. On soulignait partout la nécessité absolue d'utiliser un ampli casque, et pas du bas de gamme, ce qui aurait rallongé la facture de quelques centaines d'Euros. Précisons que j'habite une ville moyenne ou il est rigoureusement impossible d'écouter un casque hi-fi digne de ce nom.J'ai donc commandé successivement un AKG 701. Très bon casque, mais avec un registre aigu tellement présent qu'il devient vite fatiguant à l'écoute, donc, retour au vendeur. Puis un Philips Fidelio X1, l'exact opposé de l'AKG, qui ne m'a pas satisfait non plus et est reparti par le même chemin. En désespoir de cause, en ayant marre de ces renvois successifs, j'ai fini par commander le HD 650 en me jurant bien que, s'il devait repartir, ce serait le dernier.Inutile de dire que, quand j'ai reçu l'objet, magnifiquement présenté dans un très joli coffret, j'avais le coeur qui battait un peu ! Je l'ai branché sur la prise casque de mon lecteur CD (Marantz CD6004) et j'ai lancé un CD bien connu tout en ayant réglé dubitativement le volume à mi-course. J'en ai pris plein les oreilles et j'ai du baisser rapidement le volume ! En dessous, d'ailleurs, du niveau requis par L'AKG et le X1 (réputé très facilement gérable). Même constatation sur la carte son de mon ordi, pourtant pas du très haut de gamme. Même mon ipad le gère sans problème (avec un rendu moins bon dû à la compression mp3 des fichiers)Ce long préambule pour dire que cette histoire de casque diifficile à driver, c'est du pipeau destiné à vous convaincre d'acheter un ampli casque. Le seul élément à prendre en compte est le rendement acoustique du casque (exprimé en dB/V ou dB/mW). C'est, hélas, une valeur rarement donnée. Renseignements pris, celui du HD 650 est effectivement très voisin de celui de l'AKG ou du X1. La valeur de l'impédance du casque n'a rien à voir.Bon, maintenant, Quid du produit. Remarque préliminaire, j'ai l'appareil depuis 4 semaines maintenant, et j'ai attendu tout ce temps car le HD 650 nécessite un rodage important. Je ne croyais pas à cette histoire de rodage, mais je peux vous dire que c'est vrai ! Au sortir de sa boîte, le rendu était assez "brut de décoffrage", au point que je me suis dit que c'était encore râté. Ayant décidé de m'accrocher à ce casque comme une moule à son rocher, je l'ai écouté (ou laisser fonctionner seul) de longues heures et j'ai vu lentement émerger sa vraie nature. Basses profondes mais très propres, médium bien présent, aigus fins et soyeux. La dynamique est magnifiquement reproduite, le casque réagit au quart de tour. La sensation d'espace est très bonne, aussi bien en largeur qu'en profondeur. Tout cela, évidemment, sur une bonne source, car ce casque est impitoyable pour les enregistrement de mauvaise qualité ou trop compressés.Tout est-il donc parfait ? Non. A mon avis, le point faible du casque se situe dans son rendu du bas médium. Rien de bien grave, mais cette partie du spectre, peut-être trop accentuée, apporte un certain manque de définition dans ce registre. Dommage car le reste est merveilleux de naturel et de transparence. Bon, il parait qu'il faut une centaine d'heures pour que ce casque soit parfaitement rodé, il a encore une marge d'amélioration.Pour finir, la qualité de fabrication : bon, c'est du simple, sans chichis, certainement moins solidement construit que le X1, il fait un peu "plastique". Regrettable pour cette gamme de prix.
I am really enjoying these headphones, I had the 558s before but after a couple years of use they were looking a little worn. Glad I picked these up, sound quality is improved from the 558s
Easy to use. Quality materials. Does the trick.
I have a lot of eat piercings so the buds just stay in eat so these r perfect!!
Best bang for the buck wireless earphones. I've tried others and I prefer to use these. I bought them so I can go on a 20 hour flight and enjoyed them alot. I couldn't hear the screaming child nore the engines, just my music.
I've been using this product for about two weeks and think it's the way to go for listening, hands free, without disturbing others but still being able to hear things around you. I know there are more expensive sets available, but this is perfect for starting out. To get the better fidelity and sound quality, you do have to put ear plugs in, which they provide a starter pair for. Thanks -
Good
I count on reviews on Amazon when deciding what to buy.  I really was bothered to be asked specifically to write a favorable review (not just to write an honest review of my experience) to receive a free charger.  It made me wonder how many of the favorable reviews here were influenced.  I will post my honest opinion .. and NO... I am now not going to even ask for the charger plate.So I have had a decent experience with these, but they are also the first pair of wireless ear buds I have ever bought and most of the wired ear buds I have bought in the past are less than $10.So, compared to the really cheap ones I have had, these do definitely dampen sound around me and the sound quality seemed decent to me.  I have problems with them falling out, but if I really jam them in there and twist them against the ear cartilage, I have successfully used them on an elliptical.  Not sure how they would do with more jostling like jogging.
They worked for a few weeks, but we cannot get them to charge any longer. Super disappointed since they were expensive and we were past our time frame to return.  Disappointed!
So Far so good. In the beginning I couldn't get the USB to power up by plugging it into the PS3, so no chat, and it had an awful clicking and popping sound.  Instructions should say to first and always plug into a computer.  It wouldn't work until then.  Not sure if it had to download the driver or something.  All I know is it was crap until i plugged it in to my computer, then it worked.  Works great now!
I love that I can get 5 headphones for cheap and the work better than most other one you get for the same price
I like everything except yo can not use them with my TV- unless you are streaming and only one pair can be used at a time- I would have liked for them to work with my TV on any level  and for more than one person to use the headsets- My TV is not Bluetooth- however it is not an ancient TV either-
I am very impressed! At first I was a little hesitant. I love my Powerbeats Pro and I just recently lost one of the pieces. I was about to reorder but I decided to browse on Amazon first. I saw that these earbuds had a lot of great reviews and I figured for the great price, what is there to lose?I’m super glad I got these. They’re light weight, the sound is pretty good and they’re comfortable in my ears. I’m not going to lie, it was a little tricky for me to get them to stay in at first but once I chose the proper size for my ears, no issues. I haven’t tested it working out as of yet, so I do need to try them while I’m being really active but for work from home use, I love it!
Noise cancelation is great
Noise canceling isn’t great, atleast for me who’s in a very loud environment. That being said these are the best sounding headphones I’ve ever had and it does drown out a majority of the loud environment to where I can hear my music/podcasts
It seems like I am always looking for headphones or ear buds. I do a ton of conference calls. I love my wireless buds, not I sometimes get digitized sound. These headphones are great. I have a pair in my backpack, a pair on my desk at work, my desk at home, by my bed and in my purse. I lobe them.
Edito mi reseña tras usarlos varios meses.Los cascos para el precio que tienen son muy buenos en todos sus aspectos. Sonido decente. Batería increíblemente duradera. He corrido con ellos y solo se me cayeron una vez porque estaba sprintando muy rápido, pero debido a que son bastante robustos, ni se arañaron. Muy recomendables.Tienen una pega: la vinculación con el dispositivo a veces se estropea y cuesta vincularlos de nuevo. Al segundo día de recibirlos, uno de los auriculares dejó de reproducir sonido. El servicio técnico de la marca no me ayudó mucho, pero unos días después decidí darles otra oportunidad y probando de varias formas (reiniciando cascos, teléfono, vinculando de nuevo, borrando el vínculo, vinculando sólo el que no funcionaba etc.) logré que funcionaran de nuevo, aunque no sé cuál de las cosas que hice lo consiguió. Si os pasa, tened paciencia y jugad con todas las opcionesSólo me fallaron esa vez. Desde entonces llevo meses usándolos y estoy muy contento.
I have tried all the top brand headphones, all of the apple earbuds, and the Samsung air buds but they either hurt the inside of my ears or constantly popped out.  I was introduced to the Shotz OpenRun headphones, and I can truly say that I was pleasantly surprised.  They are very comfortable, they don't go in your ears but rest over your ears and sound amazing.  You don't realize that you are wearing earphones.  I highly recommend you to try and see for yourselves!!
Están buenos
Only one side works.......
Got these for my wife so far so good but just the first day 😊😊
la verdad los vi en una revision en youtube quería ver si tanto valían la pena tenia unos Sony MDRXB550AP que se ya no se oyen de un lado y por el precio no esperaba mucho, los uso en un huawei y7 y la verdad se escuchan mejor que los sony no semejante bajo pero si una calidad de sonido superior bajos bien definidos sin llegar a exagerar valen cada peso, lo único es que se ve que le metieron todo el presupuesto en la bocina y no en cables y demás componentes que se ven frágiles hasta ahora no ah pasado nada, muy recomendables,
excellant over all
Delivery always on time that's a 5 Starts..Noise cancellation is decent that's a 4 starts...Bass and sound quality is mediocre but I pay less than 30 bucks. I'll do the job for me I use it for my walks so it's ok but nothing else to it....Oh I almost forgot about it... Package presentation is super 👍👍
I am using this volume control to operate the volume from a  satellite radio to one of the popular mini- mini speakers being sold which do not have volume controls.  Works just fine.
The sound quality is great.
Worked well at first but the right one stopped working. They were delivered to me on Sept and were no longer working by the end of December.
La qualité audio est au rendez-vous, très impressionnant. Par contre la qualité du microphone pour parler notamment en ligne, ou directement au cellulaire est très médiocre. Les gens me font continuellement répéter jusqu'à ce que je remplace le casque Bluetooth pour mon vieux système fillaire. Mes interlocuteurs disent alors qu'il y a une différence énorme.  J'aurais aimé autant de satisfaction du côté micro que audio.
The Best ones you can buy
Non starò a dilungarmi sulle specifiche tecniche dato che ne hanno parlato abbondantemente in precendeza e si possono trovare già in descrizione. personalmente cercavo un paio di buone cuffie per ascoltare musica senza spendere un patrimonio e sono contento del mio acquisto. Sono belle, comode, un pò ingombranti certo ma suonano bene e, al prezzo attuale (black friday 96,99€) penso siano soldi spesi bene, considerando che sono cuffie che fino un paio di anni fa avevano un costo molto molto maggiore. a questo prezzo le consiglio. Amazon come sempre veloce e puntuale.
It is definately recommend if you like great music experience in low price. I has got good bass, highs and lows.
Don't think about it. Just get these. I am still waiting for my tube amplifier to arrive and hopefully then i can pull out the max from these bad boys. Using them with Fiio E11k currently (i know its underpowered) as i have no other amp with me right now. Sound stage is very prominent and excellent. My ears don't hurt while listening to them as in sonically and physically
Sounds good. But I am not intelligent enough to figure out to turn them on or get them to sync or anything!
Realmente no esperaba un producto como el que recibí.Por el precio pensé que sería un producto "desechable".Me sorprendió que mantiene buena velocidad en la conexión y no presenta retraso de sonido como otros auriculares. Obviamente no son auriculares de alta gama, pero me siento satisfecho con su desempeño.Volvería a comprar.Lo único malo es que los tips de silicona se desgastan muy rápido.En lo personal eso se puede solucionar comprando Tips de Espuma viscoelástica y se arregla todo.La batería es muy decente, para uso en oficina y llamadas son buenos.No pesan y son cómodos.
Easy to charge . Soft mask especially around eyes .
Very nice
These headphones are big enough to go around my hair and blocks out unneeded noises.
I've had these for a few months now. These are super comfortable and appear to be very sturdy. The sound quality is very good and the extra bass setting is even better. I use these every night at bed time. Amazing sound and super long battery life. I listen for a couple of hours every night and only need to charge it once a week (and it's not even dead yet). I had a LG Tone Platinum set that was super nice until they started falling apart. This set looks much better built for longer life.  Super happy with these!
These earphones are comfortable on the ears , and the sound quality very good , and a long bater y life.
The ear piece is washable (gets rid of ear wax and sweat)and it fits securely on your ears since it wraps around your ears. Nothing is worst than a grimy ear piece that falls out all the time when you move around.....
Ultimately these are real genuine Bose headphones and very happy with that fact... Let me start by saying the noise cancelling is fantastic, as I can't even hear myself talk. But, the sound quality fell short, especially in the bass department. At the end of the day, I expected more from Bose.... As, I have a pair of ear buds that are significantly less and they perform noticeably better. These were tested on a Samsung Android Phone and also a Tube Amplifier as well.
Oh my gosh, this is the kind of earphones I have been looking for all my life. It is durable with excellent battery life. Sound is tremendous. I love it!
It works and looks great.
The first pair stopped working over time, but within days they responded and sent a new style out to try!  They are quick to respond to emails and more than willing to help if you have any questions on the products.  I'd highly recommend their products!!
Love it
Very good sound quality. Test with 8k audio
I received a Bose over the ear headphone set for father's day a few years ago and although the device has been performing well the battery is giving up, and I wanted something different... Something that does not require frequent replacement of the soft leather on the ears...I did the research and found the JBL to be reasonable in terms of features, and yet keeping the cost down below the $100 range, so I went for it.There are several things worth mentioning:1) To me the sound it produces is not much different from the Bose.2) It can still connect to 2 devices which was a requirement for me.3) It has far greater battery life than the Bose.4) it is less than a third of the price of the Bose5) It connected to the same devices my Bose was connected to without much of a problem.6) The connection maintains its integrity over a LONG distance from the phone!I also found that:1) The noise cancellation on this device is barely noticeable, so don't buy it for that!2) The headset sits a bit tight on my head, but I can still keep it on for a couple of hours.3) It did not come with a case, so that is additional cost if you decide to go with the JBL.Now to put things in perspective, although the noise cancellation did not work very well for me, at below the $100 mark, the JBL is a wonderful option and should definitely be considered as a front runner if you do not need the fancy sound processing.Combined with Amazon's Prime, you can buy this today and be listening to you favorite music (or spend lots of time on conference calls as I do) within a day or two!!!Thanks Amazon!
The ear buds are great
Suono chiaro con grande sound stage con bassi profondi quasi come quelli delle dt 770 80 ohmMolto comode, certe canzoni del tipo cyberpunk rock possono suonare un po troppo faticose per via dei altiSicuramente TOP TIER chiunque dice il contrario semplicemente preferisce un tipo di suono diverso.
So far, I sweat buckets every time I exercise and workout. They have endured through all of it. Although I haven’t had them for long, the bass and quality is amazing, the price is unbelievable for this amazing quality. I definitely will stay with this company.
They are not comfortable.  They are not deep enough for my ears, they are pushing my ears and causing pain.
Love that it can be used bluetooth or otherwise.
sounds good and works really good 10/10 should buy
Earbuds broke after a week of use! Poor quality!
This headphones are great, amazing quality and a great price. I highly recommend them.
Habe mir diese Kopfhörer gekauft da ich bei den normalen nach kurzer Zeit Ohrenschmerzen bekomme. Die Shokz sind die perfekte Lösung, nichts im Ohr, man nimmt die Umgebung wahr und hört aber den Gesprächspartner und die Musik perfekt. Ich bin begeistert.
The sound is great. Proper base and quality overall. No review for battery life as I just put them on.But I got these mainly for sleep and they’re definitely not made for it. Sticking way too far outside my ear. In general they look funny in the ear. Bulky. Meant for a bigger ear I suppose.
My daughter loves these.
Ideal. Before I bought these I was worried they’d either flop around or be too tight on the skull. Pleasantly surprised have used them trail running, mountain biking, road running, working out and doing burpees and they’ve stayed put and I can still hear my surroundings and carry on conversations.
For $9 these are very good. Not a choice for audiophiles, but very good sound quality for everyday use with a tablet. I've had them a while now and they seem sturdy and well made - no issues at all so far.
These are great eat pods. My only criticism is the charging cord which has a completely different connector from any other electronic equipment, and the cord is ridiculously short.
I'm on my second set and both have the same issue...will not hold or keep a charge. The latest pair purchased in September  and already as soon as I place them in my ear, I hear "low battery" even after they've have been in the case "charging" for 3 days. Past the return window so they will go into the garbage like the last pair. Will not purchase Skull Candy anything ever again.
Muy bonito
These eat buds are way better than AirPods and way more comfortable. Even when I don’t have my music on yet they still do their noise canceling job. These are truly amazing!
Se escuchan de miedo, calidad precio es lo mejor sin duda
It won't stay connected after a few minutes and it seems to get to battery low faster then normal headphones
I was intending to use this for my laptop and right out the box audio only came through the right ear and not the left with horrible sound quality.  What a piece of junk.  Do not buy these headphones!!
Love these headphones! I had a pair for 2 years and they finally died. They work wonders for how inexpensive they are!
Ton und Verarbeitung sehr gut - aber die Touch Funktion ist unglaublich nervig. Verrutscht ein Höhrer beim Sport oder man berührt ihn auch nur unabsichtlich, wird sofort ein Lied vor/zurück geschalten. Könnte man diese Funktion deaktivieren wäre es perfekt.
After less than 3 months, the battery in one earbud started to last only about 10 mins. Because of the poor quality case, it will frequently spontaneously connect to my iPhone, when I don't intent it too, leading to calls hi-jacked from my pocket. I can't unrecommend this product enough.
These earbuds were purchased to wear at the gym.  The device connected easily and seems to work well.  These are the first pair of bluetooth earbuds I've owned.  The only complaint I have is that they are too large, but they haven't fallen off.  I haven't looked at the instructions yet to see if they can be shaped or moulded in some way.
This is a great pair of Bluetooth ear buds. I love the sample design and the sound quality is awesome and clear. The earbuds  also connect to the phone very easily. I love it.
Really like these they fit perfectly in my ears and the sound is great
I love the sound. Great product for the price...My coworker got a pair.....👍🏾
So far they're great. They paired easily and sound great playing music. I haven't tried using them for phone calls yet.
These headphones definitely get the job done. I typically use them when working out but I started to wear them all the time because taking calls are so much easier. The sound quality is good, however, it's probably just me but the right ear doesn't fit as snug as the left ear. I would definitely recommend these as they are economical and a good pair of headphones.
Headphones broke in under a month the on/off button cracked, they reached out to me directly and replaced it with no charge, great customer service!
Definitely the best Clarity of sound you will ever receive with any headphones
Very nice I recommend
Great product. I tried many other expenses ear phones. These are the best.
Was definitely impressed with the quality of these for the price. They came nicely packaged, sound is awesome and they are comfortable to wear. I've only had them a little over a week, so I can't speak on longitivity but I plan on ordering more for gifts for my kids!
Don't let the plastic construction and low price fool you. These are excellent reference headphones! AKG is well known for quality headphones, and these budget cans are no exception.Feel:Lightweight. Incredibly comfortable to wear. Ear pads are nice and soft, but do have a "cheap" feel to them.Looks:Look great, but that's not what we're here for and you and I both know it.Sound:I'm going to say plain and flat, but that's not a bad thing. I LOVE headphones that offer a "true" and natural sound. No bass boosts, no head breaking treble, just crisp, clean sound the way it was mixed, and these are certainly no exception. If you're looking for eye rattling bass, move along. Combine with DAC and 320kbs music for a real audio experience. I drive these with a topping tp30 and find the sound to be incredible for music, movies and games. Ambient sound is only slightly blocked, and there is some sound leakage, but not enough to be a nuisance. The cable is more than long enough, and I believe it is removable/replaceable as well.Overall, if I had another $100 to spend, these would be top of the list.
It started out great but after about 40 days of use (just in time for me to not be able to refund), it no longer works. Disappointed.
La forma en que se fijan al oído tiene ventajas y desventajas. Por un lado son más cómodos que los de diadema, pero por otro dejan mucho pasar los ruidos ambientales, en la calle la música no se distingue muy bien. En lugares tranquilos sí se aprecia la calidad del sonido. Otro detalle es que si se requieren quitar y poner con frecuencia no son tan convenientes como otros.
The plug does not fit into any of my devices. My other earbuds fit more snugly and do not have any problems.
They are good quality look and build. I compared them to my soundcore life tune XR headphones and I perfer my XRs better. The XRs sound louder and have more punchy bass that u can feel. I thought the Q45 headphones would be far superior in sound but fall short to the XR version in my book.
Great bass.
Good but there's better which is cheaper
These are the best earbuds I've had. I've never had expensive ones but I don't see much room for improvement with these.  The sound quality is good, they're comfortable, they work well to block external noise (not completely but better than other earbuds I've had).  They also work well to isolate the sound so it doesn't disturb people around you.I bought a pair of these about a year ago and, when they finally needed to be replaced (I use them every day for several hours), I bought some at a department store that I thought were comparable. But after using the department store ones for a day or so, I wasn't satisfied and decided to get another set of the Panasonic ones.
They never arrived, however amazon gave my money back. Though I could not handle anxiety and asked my sister's to give it a try; but not as expected. Sound is not bad but could be better, pairing is pretty bad, connection fails in the middle of every song I am listening. To re-connect again I had to reset it and unpair from the phone. I am using android, but I believe is not meant for android devices as stated.. It is not good for athletes or workout because does not fit very well in my ears.  Cord is good to avoid tangles but is not good to keep low profile. Your have to deal with the cord the whole day, because is not very confortable.
Not bad for the price.
The music is so bad when you pop these in and jam and groove poor sound with booming bass for the gym, on the street or when you just at home getting your groove onBusy these kids and Rock outAvoid these like the plague
I like them vary much but not good noise canceling Mabye I got a bad pair but everything else is great
On my 2nd set in 2mons. 1st set 1 bud would never connect. 2nd set one will not charge more then 10%. I even tried a different charging station and still won't.  At this point I would not recommend.  The only goods are they sound great when working and are comfortable.
These feel very comfortable on, and have good sound quality. They are easy to use and are not big and bulky like many others I’ve tried. I’m very happy with my purchase!
I work from home and have used this headset for years. I have several just for backups. Headset is comfortable and easy to use. In-line mute is a must have! Mic and sound are very clear and reliable. Noise cancellation works well. I highly recommend, especially for anyone working from home.
I  put my system super hig and i still hearing super low the spund at my activity
Bonjour,je voulais un casque qui me permet d’écouter mes films dans la qualité de son optimale.Celle que le réalisateur a voulue et j’ai trouvé le casque idéal.Je "voie"mieux certaines scènes grâce au son pur et limpide des enceintes.Quand j’écoute un film, je passe en isolement total et je suis immergé dans le film.Sinon quand je veux écouter de la musique en marchant, je passe en mode "environnement"L’appairage avec mon stick Amazon est immédiat.Ces écouteurs supportent le son Dolby Atmos.Confort parfait pour la tête et les oreilles.Une vraie petite pépite au rapport qualité/prix imbattable et quelle élégance.Foncez
Iv'e had my them for years and they have always worked great.  One of the best buys I've had but after the latest Iphone IOS update only one side was working.  I bought another pair thinking it was the earbud and it wasn't.  I had the same problem with the new ones as well.
Best headphones I've used to date. I mix audio/vocals and these headphones are perfectly balanced. Whatever you mix in these headphones will sound great anywhere, and the amount of audio detail you can hear is fantastic. Coming from the Status Audio CB-1s which are rated highly in terms of audio quality at a low price, these are definitely better for audio clarity and sound stage, but these also have EXCEPTIONAL build quality compared to the BCB-1s. These headphones are rock solid and have such a nice tight fit on the head, I can tell these will last for years.
so good! the sound is amazing, and there's very little to no bleed through to surrounding sounds, even in heavy traffic.
The K6 earbuds will be one of the best investments you do. It’s hard to buy a bad pair of wireless earbuds these days. The market has come a long way since the early era of true wireless earbuds when we had to deal with mediocre sound quality and unreliable performance, all for the sake of ditching wires. Things are much different now. After several product generations of learned lessons, K6 is here to make history. K6 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. In terms of overall excellence, the best wireless earbuds you can get are K6. They’ve got an unbeatable combo of top-notch active noise cancellation, wonderfully detailed audio, and long-lasting battery life. The color, the feeling that you get when your favorite song comes by while wearing this earbuds. They are simply the best. I’ve been really enjoying all of its features this last week and I’ve got to say that I could not be any happier than this. Please give these a try, I promise that you won’t regret it!Wireless earbuds are everywhere, right? Walk down the street and it appears as though everyone's sporting a pair. The market has grown so rapidly and exponentially that it's now flooded with options at various price points.The good news is you can now find a pair of wireless earbuds to fit every budget. Whether you want cheap wireless earbuds or a premium portable pair with noise-cancelling, the market has something for everyone. And then there is K6, which fits all of the above.One thing you will need to bear in mind is that everyone's ears are different, which means that whether or not a pair of earbuds are comfortable tends to come down to personal preference.On personal experience, the K6 are one of the most reliable options in the market.If you're feeling a little overwhelmed by the amount of choices out there, don't be. You'll be getting the best with k6.
EDIT: the owners refunded me for the broken pair, no questions asked (:I dropped these once from like 2 feet up and the left side doesn't work anymore.Lol audio is really good though.
Junk! The settings change on their own. Can’t use while on the phone. The receivers always complain about me not being audible. Said to sound like I’m under water. Muffled.
I do like the sound; not too much bass. Clear, however they are not “noise cancelling”. I truly don’t think you can have “noise cancelling” unless you have head phones that cover your entire ear.
I wanted a new pair of headphones that didn’t cost $200-300. After watching and reading reviews, many people mentioned the Soundcore Q30. I decided to give these a try since they were under $100. I didn’t have high expectations, but expected somewhat of a decent sound/noise canceling headphone.Right out of the box, they felt like a premium headphone set. When I turned them on and connected to my iPhone, I opened up iTunes, and was pretty blown away by how they sounded. These sound along the lines of a pair of Bose headphones I had 10 years ago. That being said, there’s a lot of audiophiles out there that nitpick and would trash these, but to the layman like me, they sound like the $300 premium headphones I once had. They are bass heavy, so the app that comes with them allow you to equalize the sound to your preference.The only complaint I have is the volume level. They just don’t get loud enough for me. I have to turn the volume up to the max on my phone to achieve somewhat of a loud volume. I haven’t tried other devices yet, so it may just be the iPhone. Also, the transparency and noise canceling features are adequate but not nearly as good as more expensive headphones, which is pretty much what I expected out of these.All in all, money well spent and if you are looking for the best bang for the buck, these are a great option.
There seems to be a consistent problem with this model. I had these for 14 months. Not long after the warranty expired 2 problems kept occurring, the left side all of a sudden stopped working and they would also constantly auto-disconnect. Very disapointed considering what I paid for these.
When the Tozo NC9 Earbud arrived I was excited. For years I have been tethered to my big bulky USB headset. But I'm working from home 5 day a week 8  hours a day and I got tired of wearing the wired headset. I never wore earbuds before. I thought earbuds in general would be uncomfortable.When the the Tozo NC9s arrived I was eager to try them on. Their main purpose was to connect to my office laptop so I could participate in Zoom and Team meetings without wearing that cumbersome wired headset.I had many Zoom meetings and the sound quality was superb. I was not expecting such quality for buds costing a fraction of the cost of the big name brands (Samsung, Bose, Jabra). The people in the meeting heard me clearly and never suspected I was using ear buds to hear and speak. And the buds fit very comfortably without having to try one of the 10 ear caps included. I had Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) turned on and I felt like I was in space with no external sounds. Be carful when you but the buds on. To get the best results from ANC you have to put the buds on correctly. Amazing to have ANC on such inexpensive buds!I wanted to see how music would sound on these inexpensive buds and so I started playing YouTube music. While I listened to the music I practiced using the controls. Press and hold the left bud (very lightly) to decrease volume; and hold the right bud to increase volume. For a first timer I got the hang of all the controls very quickly.Next I wanted to pair to my Samsung phone. Perhaps it was my inexperience, but I struggled to get the buds to pair with my phone. The manual was no help either. It assumed you wanted to use the buds with a phone and not a laptop and a phone at the same time. After some searching on Google I learned this feature is called multipoint and though most new headsets have this feature, very few earbuds have it, not even the more pricey models. I was a little disappointed about that and was about to return the NC9s but after searching for hours for buds with multipoint functionality I found none. Some claimed to have the feature but after reading reviews on these products the feature is not reliable.So I decided to keep my Tozo NC9 and I learned how to quickly switch connections from my laptop to my Samsung phone. Once you are paired to your laptop and phone it is easy to switch from one to the other using your phone's or your laptop's Bluetooth settings to connect and disconnect the device as you switch from one to the other. It takes about 15 seconds to do that. I haven't tried it, but I imagine you could pair several devices but connect to only one at a time.Conclusion: If you don't need multipoint functionality but you would like good quality sound with ANC and a comfortable wearing time at a very affordable price, then the Tozo NC9 is the earbud to get.
Firstly, the headset is too tight on your head/ ears. You feel clamped.Secondly, in any zoom/ team call, it will start good but within 5 mins of conversation, sound gets distorted and you can't hear the speaker at all. Visited the service center and their response was classic - "We do not support issues with Zoom or teams compatibility"
So the headset itself is pretty good, the sound quality is good also, mostly i gave it 3 stars because the USB connector is SO long it's just a bad idea, if you have a laptop you will bump this stuid thing 100 times a day until one of two things happen, first it'll wreck the USB port and make it unusable, and second it'll bend the USB connector part and make the head set unusable, at 37 bucks + shipping it's not cheap to replace when it breaks in 3 months because it's being torqued every time you move the laptop, or make a hand gesture wile voicing, other then that issue it's a good head set though.
These headphones broke within a few months of purchase with normal wear and tear.
Overall love this product and sound quality is too good in this price range
Very good
N/A
Pros:These headphones are the best sounding headphones I’ve ever used, hands down. Even when compare to its Bose competitor.Cons:The headphones do not work with a microphone when using the wire, which I knew but it would have been a plus if it could but the biggest issue comes to some apps not working correctly. Example: my Bose wireless headphones will connect to my Samsung TV and I can open the YouTube app with no issues. When connecting these Sony headphones, the sounds cuts out and will not stay on. I’m not sure why because other apps it seems to work better with but there are still occasional drops in signal. I even set the app to prioritize connection over quality and it doesn’t make a difference.Learning to use these is a bit daunting at first but after a bit you get used to it. The app makes things easy to make some config changes but the instructions for how to use them needs to be more easily accessible.The battery life is long but it’s not the 30 hours that is touted on the box. I’d say more like 15 steady use it seems. Perhaps they don’t expect 30 hours straight but I rest my case.To no fault of Sony even though these are a bit expensive, but these headphones were discounted by Amazon by 100 dollars right after I purchased them. I contacted Amazon about a discount of the difference some they were only purchased a few days prior and they said I’d have to return them for a refund... sadly, they refused to give me a refund unless I sent them back first even after speaking with a “manager”. I’d think that a billion dollar company would have better policies with this regard.
Perfect for guitar practice on any amplifier
Battery life has been going for more than a week now. Loud, clear. Couldn't asked for more at a great price
the ear buds are fantastic but my case pin broke first day so now I have to rubber band it to keep case together.  Great quality and I like that it automatically connects when you remove from case, makes switching from phone call to ear buds quick and not noticeable to caller. That is probably my favorite feature, but i also really like that the percentage of battery life is easy to see. they are very comfortable to wear and don't fall out easy and I am in and out of vehicle 75 + times a day.
So far works better than my others I have
These things are the best bang for the buck for bluetooth earbuds out there, period.  Great battery life, great sound quality when watching videos, listening to music or speaking to someone on the phone.  The only negative thing about them is their mics are SUPER SENSITIVE and pick up tons of background noise, for anyone on the other end.  Pretty sure this entry level version only has minimal noise canceling, if any at all. But for the money they're impossible to beat.
A qualidade do som é muito boa, o isolamento acústico também, mas isso causa um efeito estranho no cérebro, quando usamos muitas horas seguidas e precisamos falar, como é o meu caso, que ministro aulas. O isolamento do som faz uma pressão interna e não é confortável, pelo menos não está sendo neste primeiro mês de uso, pode ser que com o tempo eu me acostume, mas com relação ao som ambiente, não se ouve nada e consegue-se prestar atenção total ao que se está fazendo, sem distrações externas.
These headphones have clear sound and enough range for most people.They do the job unless you require studio quality or noise cancelling.
It was good. Couldn’t exceexise with them. They were kinda tight on my ears after listening with them for a while but the sound quality and durability is outstanding. Too bad someone ended up stealing them from my old job at the goodwill warehouse
Top quality use with a desk why pay more !
Great for the new iPad mini version 5.
They are not loud enough.
Good quality headphones
Na
This was a Christmas present for my 15 yr old son. He seems to like them. No complaints. If you know teenagers, they complain at the smallest problem.
Cute design but defective lights. Only the left side lights up and the ears and right side doesn’t work 👎👎
I like not having to put anything in my ear canals but this headset still has a good volume level.
This headphones is make good headphone set because comparison other headphone owned by the me these make for to best sounds from them. Will bought.
I love my lilac jLabs!!!!
Had these for almost a year now. Super comfortable and very durable even with me dropping them all the time. I'm super impressed. Keeps me alive with my overnight job.Only reason not for 5 stars is the tracking if you loose one headphone it doesn't chirp but gives you coordinates like Google maps which has helped me find them but takes a lot of time to locate.
We are very happy with these headphones.  Bought 2 sets for the kids and just bought a third for my wife.
I bought these and within a week, the rubber ear pieces ripped and fell off.
Después de un mes de uso ha dejado de funcionar. Empiezo las gestiones para devolverlo.
Use mine in a cabinet shop. Great sound. Can be long ways a way from music source. Last longer than anything cordless earbuds I have several nice pairs, but really like Beats products with my Apple products. My second favorite earbuds in a shop are the skull candy sesh. You just need two pairs so one is charging while you using the other.Bose are nice, but the battery lasts about as long as skull candy. To expensive to have to work pairs.
One of the best-valued bone conduction headphones.
If you slam the door, the sound in the headphones is like a shot
Honestly, this product is good it has all the best quality. It is amazing to gift someone . It’s comfortable with perfect sound system.It’s easy to operate .. it’s a must try for those who love music
I’m not sure how they work. I would know if my cat didn’t eat them in half after I got them.
Great pair of headphonesGreat anc and great sound quality
Good
Great headphones, my greatest desire is for longer cords. Everything else is very good.
Me gustaron mucho, para el precio son excelentes 😊🫶🏻
Bought two of these, just what my Grandchildren wanted
Item was fine at first. I don't have big head, and I've never had a problem before with headphones but this one split down the middle after a week. Now they don't stay on my ears :/ If you don't have a small head or fine hair/a lot of hair, probably pass  on these. Could've been a great product other than this.
Ho le cuffie da un po’ di tempo. Le uso per andare a correre o camminare. Comode nell’orecchio e non patiscono il sudore. Non sono un esperto ma la qualità del suono è ottima. La sincronizzazione è molto semplice, basta inserire le cuffie nel caricabatterie e si accoppiano. Non posso giudicare la batteria. Le uso mediamente per due ore e poi le ripongo nel caricabatterie. Quindi non so la reale durata. Prodotto consigliato
Es sind meine ersten In-Ear kabellose Kopfhörer. Sie gefallen mir bisher sehr gut. Die Ohren tun nach langem Tragen nicht weh und die Tonqualität finde ich für mich sehr gut.
Works very well. Using them for the PSVR and have no complaints.
Works well and they are very light.  My husband thinks  the cord should be a little longer, as it somewhat restricts his movement.
Cool
They are comfortable to wear and lightweight as advertised.
Excellent craftsmanship. Sounds clear and crisp.
Over kill, which is my fault
I already have two pairs of T12's and was looking for an upgrade, both in fit and also noise cancellation....it is hard to beat the T12's, however, the new design on the NC9's do fit better than them....however, the main thing I was paying for was the ANC/Transparency functions and there is a lot of work to do on that unless this was a bad pair....I notice from the reviews that others had this same problem....but the main issue is that the volume is just way lower at any given setting than the T12's....I am listening to Gaga right now at less than half volume, which is comfortable, however with the NC9's, you would have to turn the volume up to near full volume just to have anywhere close to this definition and sound....and this is in a quiet room with the ANC turned off!  Switching between ANC and Transparency, there is no difference in sound or volume at all....on the road, I don't hear any more noise with T12's than NC9's with ANC....TOZO, you have a great product in the T12, but IMO you have work to do on these NC9's, unless this was a bad pair that I bought!
Battery sucks
Comfortable on the ears and head. Clarity of sound.
For the money a pretty awesome product and comes in enough colors for both my girls.
Les écouteurs ne fonctionnent pas. Mauvaise expérience
I ues this for when I'm at work I jam to my music while working to make the day go faster blocks out noise well enough and lasts a good amount of time for battery life
Good headphone
I bought these headphones after reading about them for months. I am so happy I did. The battery life is great, I have not gotten any complaints about the call quality and they are pretty comfortable to wear (I wore them for a little over 2 hours listening to an audio book and was happy with them)
These are great earphones. I got them for my daughter and she said they have great sound quality and are comfortable to wear. Thank you!
I just purchased these to use at work. The description claimed the battery life on these is "up to" 8 hours so I thought these would be ideal for the workday. However, with a full charge they only last 4 hours. I have other styles of beats headphones and their sound quality/bass is much better. I do not recommend these. Furthermore, I would think an Apple product would come with an Apple charger. These had zero charge straight out of the package. I grabbed one of phone chargers to use, and to my surprise they do not fit this model. I had to purchase a USBC to USBA adapter to begin using these. I do not recommend.
Still a little larger than I would like but really like them still! Thank you
Missing charge cord.Missing audio cable.Missing user guide.Appear to be used.Disappointed
And they held up great! Sounds really nice, and I loveeee the bass slider, the vibration feels nice, and the battery life is amazing. I charge it every 1 ½ to 2 weeks! Very much worth the money.
I know there are a lot of mixed reviews on them but from my experience they are amazing. I was skeptical at first because of the bad reviews and was praying they came well. I got them new out of the box brand new and looked as if no one used them. (But if someone did, good job making them look brand new). This is a must buy.
Not loud enough. Had to return
Sound much better than my earbuds.
Ended up returning these for the simple fact that having two devices paired with the headphones was a pain to use. Sound quality and noise cancellation is great but expect issues if you want to use the multi device support with Apple products. The feature does not change audio playback seamlessly at all. You have to always disconnect the Bluetooth connection from your MacBook if you want to listen on your iPhone. It even says in my spotify app that’s it’s connected to the xm4 but it has audio playback. Here are the specific issues I found. This is with the “connect to 2 devices simultaneously” feature in the Sony connect app switched on.Issue #1: when I turn the headphones on to start my day, they connect to both my iphone and Mac laptop, cool but If I choose to start playing music from spotify on my iPhone, I hear no audio playback in the headphones even though it says they’re connected in the spotify app. I see in the Sony connect app it is defaulting to my laptop even though there is no audio playback coming from the laptop and the spotify desktop app isn’t even open on my laptop. I can’t switch it to play from my iPhone in the Sony app either.Issue #2: As a result of issue #1, you then have to always disconnect the headphones from my laptop Bluetooth in order to start listening to music from the spotify app on my iPhone. Not seamless.Issue #3: if I am connected to both my iPhone and laptop simultaneously and listening to music through the iphone, when I take my headphones off for a few seconds it pauses playback (expected) but when I put them back on they won’t start playing audio again for the iPhone. I look in the Sony connect app and it has switched the device connection to my laptop even though nothing is playing from the laptop. When I start playing from my spotify app again, the same thing from issue #1 happens, audio doesn’t start playing again from the iPhone. The connection just stays on the laptop in the Sony app. You can’t even switch the connection in the Sony connect app.Issue #4: A similar issue happens if you are in a zoom call on your laptop and pick your headphones up to readjust and put them back on. They will disconnect from your laptop and switch to your iPhone in the middle of a call if you have the multi device feature turned on. Super annoying. The speak to chat feature also has issues if you have that on during a zoom call.It seems like the main issue is the headphones Bluetooth connection defaults/favors the laptop Bluetooth connection for whatever reason. It is not seamlessly switching between the two depending on the audio playback which I thought was the multi device support feature.It seems like my only real solution is to not use the iPhone spotify app when I am on my laptop. Just use the spotify Mac desktop app. I thought with having the Bluetooth multi device support, issues like this would not happen and I could seamlessly listen to music from my iphone and then jump on a zoom call from my laptop without having to fiddle with Bluetooth connections and visa versa. These issues were enough for me to return and get the current $150 cheaper Bose QC35ii.
I bought these for my son as a gift.  He had just finished an Entertainment Technologies college course and was using them with soundboards he had to work with.  He said nothing but great things about these headphones.  My sampling of the headphones left me impressed as well.  Very happy.  Sorry, I cannot be more technical than that.
GREAT FOR SMALL EARS! I’m so excited to have found a pair of earphones that will fit my small ears! The ear clip is not adjustable but it actually fits securely over my ear. The earpiece comes with 4 different sized covers and the smallest size stays put in my ear, even if I shake my head or move around.
Don’t waste your money.
I bought these headphones as a present for my husband and he was very pleased with them, he used them every day to go to the gym and also to work.
Love the sound, feel and look of these headphones. The battery lasts for the full six hours, noise cancelling is great and I just like the way they feel in my ears (no cabin pressure feeling)Bass response is very good while not being too dominant. I wear headphones at night and while they’re a bit bulky for a side sleeper, with a bit of adjustment to my pillow they do really well and stay in my ears.Highly recommend this product for the price point
Excelente sonido cómodos y suaves al oido
They sound surprising decent for the money for music however they are terrible using hands free with calls. They also seem to fall out often and I've tried all of the ear pieces too.
Just wouldn't connect to the phone
Great quality and sound for the price. Battery life impressive. Bought  a second pair for the office.
Compact, good sound.  I keep them in my backpack for listening on the train when I commute.  They are not sound cancelling, but just a decent pair of inexpensive headphones.
Long battery life
Ottimo rapporto- qualità. Suono pulitissimo,sembra essere in un cinema quando vedi i video e i film in streaming di Amazon prime😃
I have this plugged in 24 hours a day and it’s out of battery 100% of the time. They act like they are charging when I drop them in The case but they just don’t charge. Totally unusable. I just need to think who I can dump these on. Some one I don’t like much?
If you're like me and miss using you're old Apple earbuds (without the feeling of pressure in your ear) these are for you!  Almost identical feel but now upgraded to Bluetooth :-)  I've tried some others over the years but never found some that were similar in size or actually worked reliably like these.Audio is excellent!  Plenty of bass too.Phone calls are average, sounds good but, the noise cancelling is just ok.  Basically don't do anything noisy while on a call as the person you're speaking with will hear it all.  You need to spend $40+ for one of the TOZO earbuds with 4 microphones to have background noise blocked.At the current sale price tag (60% off) don't wait, just buy them, you won't be disappointed.
This is the second set I've purchased for my Mom, the previous one having had the wires frayed near the audio jack in 13months to the point of being unusable. She wants something very lightweight and this one meets that need.Unfortunately, frayed wires are not covered by their warranty so I might have to just keep buying a new one every year.
Muy Prácticos y bonitos. Un precio justo. Llego en tiempo y formaNo se rompen tan fácil ni se les cae tan rápido las gomitas
Love these litle headphones. The ear buds make my ears hurt after a short while, and they tend to fall out, but these earphones are great: good sound, lightweight, and very comfortable. I just ordered my second pair--my daughter absconded with the first one. They've held up too; I once accidentally yanked on one and it came apart. I thought it was a goner until I realized it would just sanp back together. That's engineering I can believe in.
The kids use them for the tablets and all they really enjoyed them! The volume on them works really well!
EXACTLY AS ORDERED WORKS GREAT
Great birthday present for my stepdaughter
The KSC75 headphones are really amazing. The two things that impressed me the most is comfort and sound quality. In that order. The speakers, large yet very light, sits at entrance of ear. Not forced into position. Using a bigger speaker gives a bigger frequency range which has a cleaner and a more natural sound with good imaging. The only complaint (very minor) is the cable which isn't very long and no adapters. Now about the price..... no brainer. If the KSC75 cost $50 then buying them would be a huge bargain!!!PS. Since my last review/description of the KSC75, they have continued to give me great listening pleasure.
Great sound quality I use them for streaming and gaming and I love them great value for price
以前のプリンは頭から外れやすかった。今回のプリンは頭にフィットするようになり、締め付けがキツイ訳でも無くちょうど良い。音質は大差無く、ゼンハイザーならではの中音メインで程よい低音。旧型から買い替えて良かった。
1 Year UPDATE:I do not recommend these ear buds.  As mentioned in the first update to my review, I continue to have issues with the right earbud(s) refusing to turn-on--not only on the original pair I was sent, but also on the replacement pair.  To be fair, the replacement pair exhibits this behavior less frequently, but it does it enough to make these buds unreliable.  I'd also note that in addition to having at least one bud that often fails to turn-on, both sets of earbuds I received often fail to charge correctly.  My speculation is that the right earbud(s) fail to make adequate contact within the case which results in both the failure to turn on as well as failure to charge properly.  I want to be 100% fair to TOZO--the sound quality is good when the earbuds work properly.  Likewise, the noise-cancellation feature works very well.  That said, these earbuds are totally unreliable.  TOZO did send me a new pair when I was still within the warranty period--so kudos to TOZO for their customer service.  Unfortunately, I have to keep them plugged in and charging 24/7 when not in use, and even then there are numerous times when I finally get them working only to find out that the battery is low.  If they DO manage to charge properly, they last an adequate amount of time--the issue is that they are just unreliable at all times.  I purchased these as a low-cost alternative to "name brand" buds, but despite the advertised features, these TOZO buds are not worth the hassle.  Next time I buy earbuds, I will stick with a name brand as I prefer something more reliable.  It's just not worth it to get to the gym and have to fiddle with these to get the right bud to turn on, and it's a pain to carry around spare wired & wireless alternatives because the TOZOs don't charge properly.1st Update: The right earbud began to not charge or pair with the left bud.  I'd get to the gym after charging the buds for 24 hours and the right bud would immediately warn of low battery.  The right bud would fail to pair with the left bud 90% of the time.  I NEVER dropped the buds or mishandled them in any fashion.  I contacted Tozo (through Amazon) within the 30-day window and they had me perform a reset.  Unfortunately nothing I did fixed the buds.  After the return window I contacted them again and, thankfully, they replaced the buds.The new buds have not displayed the same problem...yet.  I want to be fair to Tozo as I appreciate that they replaced my defective buds after the return-window...but the fact is that I remain skeptical.  My current rating is 3 Stars and I will update this review within the next 12 months.  If you purchase these I highly recommend initiating a return/refund if you note ANY issue at all within the first 30 days.  I appreciate Tozo replacing the defective ones, but the fact they initially shipped a defective product is concerning.  If the replacement buds remain functional I'll definitely consider adding more stars.The only other "update" that I'll currently add is that the buds do sound fine.  The noise cancellation is really helpful in my loud, cavernous gym.  Again, I want to be fair to Tozo...but I still have concerns that quality control might not be the greatest.  If the replacement pair remain functional, then I'll consider my previous experience an anomaly and raise my rating.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I've had these earbuds for a few weeks.  I purchased them solely for use at the gym where I use them with a 10" Fire tablet to watch videos.  They are used daily.  I do not use them for listening to music (although I have tried that).  I use AfterShox bone-conduction headphones for cycling.To be concise, these earbuds do what they advertise.  They sound reasonably good, the noise cancellation has worked perfectly fine in my large, loud gym, they fit me fine, the battery life is very good, and the case is useful.Before purchasing these I pulled up some YouTube reviews.  Most of the video reviews look like sponsored content, but my personal experience (with features and performance) pretty much matches the reviews I watched.  I'd recommend watching a couple of those before purchasing.These are the first wireless earbuds I've purchased.  I've used plenty of other BT earbuds (including higher-end ones).  These sound above average.  Pairing is fast and works well.  If you're an audiophile then you might find something to complain about, but for my use-case scenario these are working well and were priced low enough for me to have a positive impression.  I'm pretty good about updating my reviews and will re-visit in the next couple of months.
Arrived very quickly. One of the speakers now crackles and sometimes won't connect so will probably be looking for another pair soon. 😢
Cute colors and works well for the price. Quality is expected for the amount paid.
Recommended
Sound quality is great for both music and calls. I love that I can play/pause, skip tracks, control volume, manage calls, and activate Siri by tapping on the ear buds. I don’t even need to touch my phone!
I really wanted to love these but I think I might have to return them because they are so hot they are almost unwearable and it isn't even summer yet
Like the fact that it serves my purpose. It's cheap, and I use it for backup for my galaxy earphones. Good for workout as well as for traveling.
These are comfortable--light weight--and the sound quality is much better than I expected for the price
On God, this are the best headphones I’ve ever owned.
I really like the noise canceling aspects of these really pretty coral colored headphones, I like the sound quality, they work really well with my iPhone for listening to my audiobooks and music, but they don’t work at all with either of my Samsung TV’s. And that is why I bought these headphones. To listen to my television. I found an email address that I could ask for technical assistance, but it’s been weeks and I’ve heard nothing. So, unless you want to wire up your older TV with the headphones and sit very close by, don’t buy these headphones. They are pretty though.
Comfy fit, superior sound quality, spookily-good noise cancellation - if not for the complete and utter lack of a mute button (c'mon Sony, really?), these would be the perfect headphones.
Got these for my husband, who is bedridden and spends a lot of time on his Kindle.  He completely gets lost into what he's doing with these on.  Think you can hear outside of the headphones if you want to, but he doesn't, so they more or less cancel any outside noise if you want them too.
Very low bass vibration
Great value for money. Just as good as any other earbuds. I have found that this year with remote learning and increased computer time, we are always scrambling to find a set. These made mornings so much easier. I also like that they are individually packaged
I bought these headphones for noise cancelation and they are excellent!  Very comfortable to wear all night as well.
Great sound quality for the price. Very comfortable and super fast delivery!
The media could not be loaded.                                                                               Buen sonido y la batería si dura las ocho horas, fácil de usar lo recomiendo. Hice una buena compra
Love my new earbuds! Perfect size for me too. Takes a couple tries to connect to my iPhone each time, but works fine after that. I’ve used it for listening/watching shows on my phone while at the gym, so about 40-45 minutes is how long I’ve used them at one time before replacing into the charger case. I’ve only charged the case once and have done 4 workouts so far (just got them a week ago).
Great product. I have tinnitus and no longer want my music to play directly into my ears. The bone conduction headphones allow me to listen to my playlist and continue to hear background conversations or noises.
Funziona perfettamente buon acquisto
Casque à prix très raisonnable avec une qualité sonore satisfaisante.
Overall the headphones are okay for the price. They make an affordable alternative to Apple AirPods. The sound quality is okay, as there is a constant white noise sound in the background while using the earbuds. The case holds a charge well, and the battery doesn't drain fast when recharging the earbuds. Earbuds themselves last 5 hours straight from the case with no recharge. The case can fit AirPod pro gen 2 decorative cases if that is something you're into, fits is loose but does not slip out.
I bit the bullet and bought this headphone initially because I work from home, and there was a month-long construction outside.  It amazes me to this day how well the noise cancelling works.  I could hear some noise--especially ones that boomed (more because of the physical vibration of those sounds), but it cancelled out 70% of it, which was enough for me.  The construction is over now, but I use it everyday still because it's so comfortable, and easy to use.  The battery life lasts well throughout the day.
I purchased these headphones to wear around the house.  They have excellent sound quality and are pretty comfortable. I might use them infrequently about 2 hours every other day or so and I’ve charged them twice in the month I’ve had them. Not because I needed to but I though I might as I left them on accidentally and wanted to make sure they had a good charge.  I don’t use the noise canceling aspect but I’ve tried it out and it really seems to dampen some noise.  When I received the order it looked as though I ordered a very expensive set of headphones based on the packaging and look. Very nicely done. Such a great value.
Amazing product! Went way above all my expectations. So cute! love the color! Sound quality is good.
My son complains they are huge and the case is huge. He fell on his side with them in his pocket at school and had a deep purple bruise the size of a bowling ball. He’s fine. Just was amazed at the size of the bruise. My man loves these earbuds though.  He has a bigger head I guess. So I guess this is a conditional purchase. Who’s going to use them and what are they comfortable with. The sound, noise cancellation, and battery life are on the better side of earbuds. We’ve gone through many products.
Decent price
Foi uma prenda de natal onde também dei usei e tem boa qualidade , material e som. Abafa bem o som
These earbuds sounded great, had a long battery life, and a really nice overall design.  Unfortunately after a little more than a month of moderate use (an hour or less per day), they have completely stopped taking a charge.  I'm outside of the return window, so I guess these will just go in the trash. I'm really disappointed.
Good
Absolutely stunning set of cans, especially for the price point. It has very clear and crisp mids and highs, and the bass is well balanced for a semi-open set. I do also have a pair of AKG K545's and although those are a closed set, the bass on the K240's are still much more well rounded IMO. The real benefit of this set it the sound stage, though. The way each instrument and sound is presented to you just transports you to another world.  The only con I really have is it not being lound enough on mobile devices, but these are monitoring headphones so that is to be expected. Basically, if you buy these headphones you will have multiple eargasms.
Great headphones for the classroom
THEY SOUND AWESOME AND OTHERS SAY THEY HEAR ME LOUD AND CLEAR!!! ONLY BAD THING AND IT'S REALLY NOT BAD IS THE COMFORT AROUND THE EARS... I WEAR THEM NON STOP AND AFTER AWHILE THEY'LL BEGIN TO HURT AROUND MY EARS...
Blown away by the sound quality of these, plus they are super comfortable to wear
Not actual sound canceling but they do a good job of reducing background noise. They’re relatively inexpensive headphones so as expected the sound quality is good but not great. If you’re an audiophile maybe think about upping your game,Battery life seems good so far and I experienced no trouble with the blue tooth connectionThey’re comfortable and maybe fit a little small for my gigantic melon of a head.
I bought them with a discount (~$16) and for that price the only cons I see is a light static noise in headphones while there is no audio output. It's not critical and doesn't bother me for now, but certainly the make could be better.
A must have to keep dies safe and in good shape . This is a really good product and can easily be cut to size .
I've had noise-cancelling earbuds before, and these are HANDS DOWN the best I've ever used.  I can't even hear conversations at work, and my other earbuds did nothing to block out talking.  Plus the sound is excellent, and the fit is excellent.  They work GREAT with my iPhone 12.  Highly Recommend!
Sound is not bad on their own actually. But add an equalizer, whether built-in or though an app, it really improves the sound. For me I find that after a few hours that the earpads hurt my ears (from the pressure or maybe my ears are too big, I don't know) and I end up switching back to earbuds. I love the wireless or wired capability that's another plus. I'd say a very good buy for your money.
These headphones are wonderful. Great balanced sound and comfortable to wear. I'm not one of those folks that can really tell if there is anything minutely wrong with the bass levels, etc. Just a regular person looking for a nice set of headphones that wont cost me 200 bucks,these did the trick. Bought another set in white to match my tablet ( yes, I'm that girly) -- BUT-- I will need to get an adaptor since the plug guage is different on my Samsung tablet. No biggy. Still will recommend these highly. Also, husband has been abusing them ( dropping, stepping and sitting on them ) and hardly a scratch .
They were fine. The sound was good not great but they stay on throughout workout. Sent back because they just didn’t work wonderfully for me.
Overall everything are good. Love it.
Great headphones for the price.
The sound quality is decent, I'm unsure about the bass. However, I can hear something moving around inside them whenever I move my head too fast, indicating that it is likely fragile and possibly not too well put together. Over all, I prefer my previous pair of headphones.
stops working after a few times of usage..
This is a 6 compartment multi-purpose organizer that features a marble design. It measures 6.5x4.5x4.13 inch and has detachable fiber insert in one compartment to safely hold scissors and other tools in place. This is made of a nice, durable plastic and is super easy to clean. It looks great on my vanity!
My husband listens with these.  He loves them.  Highly recommend!
Do not buy these. They did not even last for a month. Bad quality. Disappointed.
Excellent
I bought these for my kids to use on vacation. They had plane time, layovers and extended driving. Headphones were great to help them and us get some rest and handle long down time. They are multi colored so the kids knew which one belonged to them and that avoided argument. I have been happy with them.The owner took time to write to me and ask for a review, so I am confident that if I did have any issues they would have been resolved.
I bought these for my 13 year old to use at home for distance learning. She can wear them for long periods of time without complaining about painful ears. They have worked out really well for her to do her schooling without interruption. She LOVES them. And the ability to use bluetooth at home along with being able to connect them with a wire and plug into the systems at school (when school opens), makes these the most ideal headphones for our situation.
Battery life good
I love this earbuds, exactly as described
These are an awesome buy. They're light and fit well with my sunglasses. I was looking for an open (or semi-open) headphone that I could wear on while waiting at sports practices for my boys. I wanted to be able to hear what was going on around me, as well enjoy my music without bugging everyone else. I feel like these do an awesome job of this. I also tried the Porta Pro, but the fit wasn't for me. Lastly, these sound phenomenal at their price point. You'd be hard pressed to find something as solid for under $100.
People have a hard time hearing me
Pleasantly surprised by the quality of these not to mention how cute the colors and packaging are. Considering the low price I expected something closer to dollar tree quality but these are actually quite nice.
The battery lasts a long time but the volume is so low I wanted to love these but they’re so low :(
Not bad but they do fall out a lot, the battery life on the pods themselves is 8/10 but the case is only enough for one recharge.
Little concerned that the wire to the earbud is too thin and will eventually break and/or the retractable feature stop working but can't complain about that until that happens.  Bluetooth is occasionally spotty but have yet to find a bluetooth device that doesn't occasionally have an issue.All in all I love them and find myself wearing them non-stop throughout the day.  Either listening to music, comedians or as a phone headset. Would love to try the 810's as I hear the music is a little better on them but being newer they're actually way more expensive even though they're a lower line.
Nyc product
Love these headphones!! They work great & are easy to use. The battery lasts a long time as well which is nice!  I’m very pleased with this purchase.
Nothing crazy but it definitely worth of money.
I really like how well built they are. Sounds great, but only as load as the source.
I didn’t notice how gross AirPods get but this kit really helped to clean them! Super easy to use!
Excellent sound quality, particularly the bass response. They are very lightweight but not especially sturdy.
muy buejo
There amazing, they don’t fall out of your ears and have great sound. I love the battery on them I can wear them all day and not worry about the battery dying on me. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
These work great, best product for the money.
If the noise canceling is really important to you, I would definitely look for something that people find more effective. You will definitely hear conversations with these although they will be much quieter. Do not expect to use these at a gun range or anything like that because they're nothing like that. Great for work and conferencing. The audio pass through is a very nice feature.
Well built good quality. The only thing is jack doesn't fit well :( people can't hear me well.
Just what we needed for virtual learning! No complaints!
i would never suggest to anyone to buy this headphone sound is scems to be like 200rs headphone totaly dis appointed its look like copy :(
Been telecommuting for a year, using my personal cell phone and a headset that has a 3.5mm CTIA jack.  When work enabled VOIP calling on MS Teams, my headset (now connected to my PC) stopped working and needed a USB based headset.  This Logitech H390 works fine.  No drivers, its plug and play.  MS Teams easily detects this headset and works flawlessly.  My only fear is that my cat loves to chew on microphones, shes destroyed two headsets already.
very good
Granddaughter likes them. Just wish it had a longer cord to charge it.
These earphones are some of the best bluetooth that you can ask for in this price range; probably the best. Unlike "Beats by Dre", you're paying a modest $60 for good sound quality that is even between ears (you'd be surprised how often it isn't). I was surprised at how well I could hear background choir in some of my pieces. While bass isn't particularly strong, there is a reason for that: SizeThese earphones fit well into the ear, with a design that causes gravity to push them INTO your ear rather than make them fall OUT. They're quite light, as well, which makes it comfortable to wear for prolonged periods of time. There is a compromise between sound STRENGTH and size, because there is only so much you can fit into a small package with current technology. If the bass were to be anywhere near as strong as a pair of over-ear headphones, they'd be double the weight and fall out easier, as a result. This compromise of size makes it better for prolonged hands-off use.Their customer service is very strong, as well. The earphones come with an initial warranty that you're able to activate within two weeks of receiving the product, and activating it is quite simple, as well. I learned this because within only 3 DAYS of receiving the earphones, I had inundated them in water while on-the-job; this completely inactivated them. While they're water-resistant, earphones aren't meant to be washed around in the waves for almost an hour.I simply submitted my warranty, and received an E-Mail back from a customer service representative from "TOZO", who provided concise instructions on how to implement this warranty (Only an order number and a picture of the device with its box).Furthermore, I DIDN'T HAVE TO SEND THEM BACK. That's right, TOZO is kind enough to simply send you a new pair immediately to spare either party the hassle of printing out a label, shipping, and receiving. With proper registration and implementation of a warranty, you're guaranteed that first-time replacement, no questions asked.Overall, I'd rate these earphones as an excellent compromise between sound quality and convenience, with greater quality than I could ever expect from such a convenient product.
Unexpectedly great item at a reasonable price.  Assembled well, without squeaks and backlash.  The battery lasts more than one day.  Standing thing.  Hope it works for a long time.  Noise canceling (for me) works well.
Comprate per mia figlia, sono semplicemente fantastiche, suono pulito ed ottima ricezione. Si caricano velocemente per ore di ascolto. Ottima fattura ed eccellente rapporto qualità/prezzo
La custodia è resistente e protegge adeguatamente l'hard disk. Lo spazio è strettamente sufficiente ad per un hard disk 2,5" quindi occhio alle dimensioni. La qualità dei materiali non è proprio il massimo (un pò troppa plastica cinese).
The best headphones that I have ever owned by a long stretch. This things are amazing and I've wanred a pair since the QC15s came out. I finally splurged and got these and I couldn't be happier.
Came in defective. Sound quality wasn’t even really good for the one ear bud that worked
Broke after two months of normal use.
Headphones worked great for the first use. The second use the wires snapped.
Great sound and stays in place!
easy set up, great sound
Unfortunately I sent these very nice sturdy headphones back they didn’t work for my grandson’s PlayStation 4.  I thought I read in the reviews that they would.  They definitely would have been good had they worked the earpiece was attached so well it never would have come loose and dangled off!
I wear these when at the gym. They are far more comfortable than ear buds, in my opinion.  Very good sounds for headphones under $20.  Biggest complaint is the wire leads can get snagged on equipment and rip out of a headset very easily.
100% Noise Cancellation and truly comfortable for very long periods of time. The quality of sound was absolutely fantastic. Highly recommend 👍🏻
I am hard of hearing and these help me on phone calls
It came with a micro USB cable to some weird flat connector I've never seen and have no way to use so I can't charge them without buying a cable. As stated it's micro USB, instead of USB C, so I don't have any cables. No USB C or charging cable is too much for me, so it's gotta go back.
I got these because my previous headphones started having problems, and I'm glad I did. The audio quality is excellent, and they're great headphones overall. Really worth it!
Great
The mic isn't great. It seems like it's hard for the other person to hear. But listening to shows and stuff is great for the most part.
These sound good, pair quicly,long battery life. A little tight on my head. My head isnt large,these are tight and become uncomfortsble after an hour or so. Very lightweight, pads arr cushy and dont make me sweat. A deal for $25 as a casual daily travel pair. Great for train commute and cheap enough if i lose them, no big deal. They do sound pretty good too. Would recommend.😎🤗
As ear buds. They get the job done. Audio quality is good for the price. When I use them for phone calls I keep getting told I'm modulated or that the transmission is intermittent
I own a pair of the Q20 headphones - which I have given to my daughter for her to use. The Q20 headphones are a perfect balance of price and quality. Based on my previous experience with SoundCore, I thought I'd give these Q35s a try.Bottom Line on Top: Meh! I have used the Q35s for about two weeks now and I have to say that I will be returning them to Amazon because there are simply better options available at this price point.At this price point (about 100 bucks) the Q35 begins to compete with mid-to-higher-end alternatives which might offer a better value and audio experience.For my grades below, I set the EQ to flat and turned off the noise-canceling features.Music Playback = B. Decent midrange to high range. The sound is clear and articulate enough, but the bass is a bit muddy.Phone calls or video calls = B. Call audio is not a strength. The sound is tinny and weak.Built-in mic for calls = B. Pretty clear mic audio pick-up.Pure Noise Canceling = B. Noise isolation and reduction are fairly good and effective at canceling out mid-to-high frequency background noise. The ANC mode also provides a very pleasant white noise.Noise Canceling with music playback = C+/B-. Not good. The audio is muffled and muted as you would expect.Phone App = Very basic control but easier to use than the onboard controls built into the headphoneBattery Life = A. Charged it once and it has been going for a week.Wear detection function = It works but it is a bit glitchy. Yes, if you take the headphones off the audio will stop, the problem is that if you move your head too much (i.e. get up from a chair) it will also turn off the music.Comfort and fit = B. The synthetic leather feels a bit cheap and not as comfortable as I would expect. The headband fits fine.Bottom line. Save your money and go with the Q20s or spend a few bucks more for a better set of headphones. Simply put, the Q35 is not worth the extra money and at this price point, there are too many better alternatives. I am sending this back to Amazon today.Best wishes!
I was impressed at first but then I started to experience them shutting off on their own, not connecting thoroughly, while they were in the case they would automatically turn on even if I was in the other room. I would have to turn off the Bluetooth setting on my phone in order to listen to the media from my phone.
The sound is amazing but I lost sound on one side after a month. Bought June 22 2022. The other side went silent last night 9/6/2022. The customer service made me go through steps but came through in the end.
I love these headphones, they sound great and given that I can't hear the differences many people complain about, I'm happy with the sound quality.However, would it kill them to put a small piece of foam on the underside of the head piece? They fit me very well, except that since they rest on the top of my head, the metal puts pressure onto my head. I'm searching my house for one of those foam stickers you use for fitting bike helmets!
Wow! I have never found a pair of headphones that last as long as these! I have purchased Beats and other brands that simply pale in comparison.  From 7am to 3 PM my batter life only went down to 90%!
Wow, looks, feels and sound great!The sound it's pretty close to my nearfields, or better.I love it.
Amazing product
These earbuds work very well. Battery life is great, sound quality can be a little tinny. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase.
Great travel partners, small, light and inexpensive. A great balance between high end earphones and too-easy-to lose ear buds.
Un rapport qualité/prix sans égal.Les différents filtres sonores sont d'une redoutable efficacité (testé dans le métro, c'est juste bluffant)Équaliseur de qualité via l'appli, et le tout dans une petite sacoche de transport qui tient la distance.L'ergonomie est bien pensée (changement de filtre sonore par simple contact, casque pliable), et l'appairage est simplissimeUne très bonne marque, qui fait également d'autres produits de très grande qualité
entry level bluetooth headphones from a once respectable company turned utter garbage. Terrible batter life coupled with a poorly designed charging bay means, one or both of your headphones will emerge from your charging case only partially charged or not all. I am a daily user and have had it to the absolute limit with these things. Nothing more infuriating than to wake up with one ear bud charged to 100% while the other only received 30%. Even so, with the batteries fully charged this product only really gives you full power performance for about an hour.Couple this with a problematic coupling (I pair my headphones to 3 different devices, one at a time) and this is the most infuriating POS ever. Tried reaching out to skullcandy IMMEDIATELY after purchase and still waiting to hear back (its been several months) regarding the charging issue.Buyer beware!
Not as loud as they should be.
It had a broken wire couldn’t listen to anything
Falta un poco de bajo
👍👍👍👍👍
Good Quality for a great price.
these work great, they are priced correctly, the sound quality is ok, nothing major but it gets the job done, if we really want amazing audio than I would keep looking, but for general use its cute and works.
I like this product
I have spent a considerable amount of time researching and test driving discount earbuds. I found these to be higher quality for the price. I like how light they are, and they fit well in the ear. I lost them at the park, and I chose not to buy another pair. There are other brands out there with better sound quality for a similar price. That being said, these are not a bad buy at all. I'd recommend them.
All Good thank you.👍🏼
Purchased ear buds after my husband had the same and loved them. The battery life is phenomenal! I use them a lot and don't have to charge often.
Excellent product
These earbuds are awesome. Very comfortable; they feel better then the ones that came with my phone. Sound great and seem to be very sturdy. Very happy with my purchase.
They sound fine at first, when they'll pair and when they're not taking eternity to turn on/off.Then suddenly the bass dies. The volume won't shift. And then they die all together.Avoid. I ended up buying a pair of headphones for half the price and they're MUCH better.
These are amazing headphones for an amazing price. I have previously purchased the Tozo T12 earbuds and those were awesome earbuds that sound great. When I saw these were noise cancelling I had to try them out. They pair easily right out of the box and were fully charged upon arrival. I tried them out by listening to a variety of tracks on my phone these sound just as great as the T12 earbuds. They have very full base and great detail. The controls work the same as the T12 so I am happy I do not have to remember different commands for each set of earbuds.When I turned on the noise cancelling function I was pleased with how well they handled background noise. I was running the dishwasher in the kitchen and it completely disappeared. When my wife walked into the living room and started talking to my daughter all I saw were lips moving but I barely heard their voices. These are great noise cancelling headphones at an amazing price.
Do you own an iPhone, do not put this in your wishlist or cart, it’s a waste of money. It’s great for the first 3 months, after that the right headphone keeps going in & out for some reason. Think playing audio loud is good? Nope, you can hear everybody around you. Battery life starts to shorten. The cushion pieces fall off easily. The hooks hurt no matter how you adjust them. Sometimes they give you a little shock but it starts after your warranty expires so go figure I guess.
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                 I got this headphone yesterday. But it generates noise instead of Noise Canceling!
Not worth the money. I've heard way better sound quality and noise cancellation from cheaper headphones.
I bought these Sony headphones to use with my mp3 player and laptop computer. They have great sound quality while being very comfortable. For $10 you can't go wrong!
I can actually find these ear buds quickly when looking. They sound great when listening to music, audiobooks, and in conversation. My black set are still somewhere…. In a very safe places…
Everything was good except they didn’t get very loud, very low volume.
I bought these for my son to use with his school chrome book. He said they work great, and they are his favorite colors.
Really liked my buy
I wear glasses so the biggest thing I wanted from these headphones was comfort and they gave me just that! Tested them out for the whole day and my ears didn't hurt like with other headphones. Super light weight and sound quality is great.
The sound quality is good
The wireless feature is a game changer, not getting tangled up is great. When I'm off the phone it turns off automatically to reserve battery, that's the best.
Great wireless headphones for a reasonable price.
These sound great, when they stay in, which is only for about 30 seconds. My ears are fairly small and even with the smallest ear pieces I cannot get them to stay in.
My son loves them. It took two months to break them but it was an easy fix. The plastic just cracked. Seeing as he goes through them stupid fast this was an excellent purchase. Noise canceling is a little too good. 😉
I have been using for one month and so far everything works as advertised
These are too big for hanging on my ears. No way to adjust them. So they're constantly falling off. I got them because of my piercings. I can't stick anything inside my ears. So I've been trying to find ear buds that i can use.
It has cracks everywhere and looks like that I have been using it playing fetch and catch with my dog. The power bottom broke into two pieces?!To be fair, the sound quality are pretty nice but the earbuds itself is not that good. I'm not expecting it to last a very long time, but I have been using it lightly and gently for a little over a year and these wears are definitely caused by its poor quality. And the crack appears the same location both side, so that there must be something wrong with the material.I had an old pair probably from an older model and lasted for 3 years, this new generation has definitely downgraded their material and makings.
I purchased these so I can listen to meditative music to fall asleep. Ear buds and regular headphones can really make your ears sore if you try to lay on them. These are softer, do not hurt your ear and I can hear the music well even though they aren't necessarily IN your ear. The only reason I marked 4 stars is since they are not adjustable, they sort of slide off my head but I also have a small head for an adult. :)
sehr gute tonqualität
Great cards and lovely designs but envelopes just too large for cards. Ok for kids thank you cards.
Like
Works well
Does what it says it's going to do!
There good i like to sleep listening to music so there good to still be able to listen to music and lay on my side. Only thing is sometimes it’s a little quieter but you can still hear it so not a big complaint.
Stopped working properly after 2 months!  You can hear background noise but the voices sound like they are trying to come through a soup can and string!
works ok, comfortable, light.
Currently using with size large adapter and they still fall out if not careful. With all features on you can still hear outside noise and interference. When on a call, always get complaints that it’s to loud and can’t be heard clearly.
They're okay . you can use any one bud  by itself while driving .They're not really loud but good enough for the price.
I got these because my old sony, previous model from this one, broke. The design is sleeker and the noise cancelling works, however the quality of the headphones has deteriorated from the previous version:1. contact via bluetooth with pc or phone seems frequently interrupted so they either disconnect or the sound is intermittent2. unlike the last pair, this one does not have a mode to turn off after some time of no use and so the battery dies continuously unless you manually turn it off.
The ANC is great and the sound quality is ok. The Bands are made with very weak plastic parts. After a using for about a month the bands break causing the speakers to separate.
Sorry I purchased these
These do the job but the hardness of the earbud really hurt my ears.  The sound was good, quality is fair.  Battery life could be better.  If you have larger ears they’d be okay but my small sensitive ones were really sore after each use.
Update: headphones broke and Bose support is unresponsive. I've had a chat window open with them for over 48 hours now and nothing's been resolved. They send me a message, I respond immediately, and they don't get back to me for 2 hours with responses like "Please understand that to verify we would need the proof of purchase.". I respond right away, then wait again....------------------------------These headphones are certainly nice, but have too many quirky issues for their high price point:Issue #1 - noice cancelling crackles during airplane takeoff. Given Bose sells aviation headsets, this is something they should have figured out how to do but for reason the roar of the airplane engines is too high for the headphones noise cancellation system to handle.Issue #2 - audio will cut out out of the blue when connected to multiple devices. For example, if you are connected to your computer's bluetooth for a very important Zoom or Webex meeting and you forgot to turn off your phone's bluetooth, you will lose your computer audio at some point during the call, quite unexpectedly. You will then be left to fumble your phone to try and disconnect the phone bluetooth connection and get your computer audio working again, all while the other people on the line are wondering why you're no longer responding.Issue #3 - After about 6 months of using these headphones, the right side no longer plays any sound while connected to computer audio. Thankfully, this is something Bose support offered to fix at no charge, however they seem to be unable to send me the return shipping label so I do not know if this will get resolved or not.To recap, these headphones emit high quality Bose-like sound but I cannot recommend them because of various usability issues which appear to have been overlooked when designing these.
I much prefer the fit of the previous version. These are an uncomfortable fit: squeeze ears and are uncomfortable at the base where they sit in your head.  The headphones slip when you turn your head or even slip off when you look down. The sound app however is the only thing that sets this apart and above the previous version.
Everything
Did not include complete instruction on details
I got the headphones for Christmas and after just a month the left side on the headphones is broken. I miss the return window for a DAY! Bad luck.
every time i’m in a call the audio is just really bad. and whenever i’m using anything that requires wifi it slows down and i need to connect and reconnect in order for it to work. wouldn’t really recommend these to be honest
Rispettano in pieno le aspettative, a questo prezzo non puoi avere delle cuffie professionali ma è comunque un ottimo livello.ComodaBuona qualitàE perché no! Pure bella
Folks, to participate in this hobby you need to be social or have deep pockets. Either you go to headphone meets and actually listen to the products, or buy and sell until you find something you won't give up. No one can tell you what you will like, particularly on something as personal as headphones, where the shape of your head and inner ears are an integral part of the whole.With that said, I have owned Sennheisers for 15 years and these are the best Sennheisers at a price I can handle. Focus Camera is an actual authorized Sennheiser dealer. If you don't like them, there is an active market in used phones. Just take good care of them and keep all the materials they came with.Finally, if you are not an audio hobbyist, what are you doing buying these? There are plenty of phones at $100 or less that could keep you perfectly happy. Great headphones are like whiskey, a lot of the extra cost goes into the final 10% of improvement.
The OneOdio stereo headphones sound good and more importantly they are very comfortable! Compared to my Sony Studio monitor phones these are way more comfortable and the sound quality is about the same. These phones are so comfortable I often fall asleep with them on. I highly recommend them!
Great noise cancellation ability.
Updated review:Only the left ear is working; no sound in the right ear. As this is an "Amazon US" item, I am only eligible for a refund and not a replacement; while the item has gone up in price from $171 to $274.Original reviewVery comfortable despite its weight. The velour and memory foam padding is high quality. Earcups are plastic, metal wold have been nice. Sound quality is excellent. Cable too long.
These are good headphones but for people with smaller ears like myself they are hard to wear. I've tried to adjust them and it doesn't really work. The clips don't hug my ears snugly and are loose on my ears which causes sound issues.
Cómodos, fáciles de usar, sin mucha complicación. No recomiendo usarlos para ejercitarse, pero su audio es bueno, la duración de la batería es muy buena y por el precio correcto es una inversión inteligente si son tus primeros inalámbricos.
Online vertruly learning.
I purchased a pair of these headphones as a Christmas gift a few weeks ago. I do audio mixing as a hobby and had planned on using an old pair of Sennheiser HD497s for use as a portable reference headphone to listen to my mixes from my iPhone (after I had my 4th failed pair of Apple earbuds this year). After finding these cans had gotten worn out over the past decade (their sound stage was pretty much gone), I decided I’d buy a pair of these for this  purpose given the excellent reviews; reports of great sound quality and value.Upon receiving these headphones I confirmed the playback controls worked perfectly with my phone and a 3.5MM to Lightning adapter. This was one feature that really sold me on using them with my phone. However the 3.5MM cable only features a simple playback control and no volume adjustment. I can’t tell you how many times I used the volume control on my Apple earbuds when out and about, so this was disappointing.However, in terms of audio quality, most reviewers were dead on! The audio fidelity is outstanding and perfectly compliments the AKG know 702s I use when mixing on my laptop. They also do a great job in minimizing outside noise and barely leak sound to the outside world (which doesn’t disturb those around you). My iPhone 7 has no issues driving these to their fullest potential. I have notice a few quality difference to my AKGs, which is not unexpected given they are a superior pair:- There is a significant bias/emphasis on low end (bass frequencies). However bass sounds full and rich. Midrange sounds neutral to my ears. Highs are generally good, with delicate percussive instruments (triangle, chimes, etc) bring reproduced in full detail. I have noticed that highs can more easily distort with these cans however when compared with the AKGs.- A bigger issue (and it is minor) I have in terms of audio fidelity is with the sound stage of this unit. This likely is due to comparisons with the AKGs, and most consumers of these headphones won’t notice.  The stage sounds significant more narrow than the wide open AKGs, which takes some time to get used to.With those being said, these issues are minor to me. I actually find these to offer a “reality check” of sorts for my work and help me make adjustments on my mixes.Finally, in terms of comfort, appearance and build quality I am mostly satisfied with my experience thus far. I was initially not a fan of the swivel on the drivers, but have gotten used to this. The headband is made of plastic, which makes me worry about breakage over time, so I take care to not bend these too much when putting them on. Boy are these comfortable! I like the feel of the material used in the pads. I wear glasses with these on as well, and can wear them for hours with no strain on my ears. Really outstanding design.In summary, these headphones are a superior value for your money. You’ll get a comfort, outstanding audio quality and compatibility with both 3.5MM and 6.5MM plugs (used in receivers, mixing boards, external sound cards, etc)”. If not for the low end emphasis these would be great for audio recording/monitoring/mixing. Easily matching higher end headphones. I think the recipient of my Christmas present this year is in for a treat!
Buena calidad y precio
Fits well. Easy to use. Holds the charge for a long time.
Overall a good product.
Having issues getting the Jack to fit all of our devices, but decent disposable buds that are good for the kids
Good product for small child
I rarely and i mean rarely write reviews but i really really like my earphones they are super lightweight and very convenient and yes they don't fall out of your ear unless someone or something touches your ear or knocks u. 99% of the time they won't fall out and i really love the color and sound of the product to be honest this is comparable to the crusher wireless headphones as far as sound quality and base all it needs is a little slide to move up or down the sound of the bass and may i remind u that the crusher wireless start at 100 to 120 dollars and this half no double half the price and it's affordable and convenient only con for me at least is that u can't use one ear phone without the other more specifically the right one if u try let's say u try to charger the right one and keep the left one on it will automatically disconnect and unpair i really wish that would have made the earphones separately instead of having to relie on one earphone but again that's just me and i love the noise canceling it's so much more enjoyable to enjoy music and ignore people and not have to listen to loud people or babies crying or homeless people asking u for money it's great i would highly highly recommend this to people if they are looking for great cheap and affordable earphones
Absolutely love these the battery life is amazing and sound is good too. Love them.
The media could not be loaded.                                                                                 i got these for my sister for her graduation present and we opened it together and saw this. there’s scratches on it and little marks here and they’re even on the case. this is definitely not new.
I am super happy with these headphones they are easy to sync and great sound quaility for audiobooks.  Batteries last and hold a charge for weeks.
Worked for a couple months or so, then one earpiece had no volume.  I've had 2 of these now that have done this.
These headphones are significantly less comfortable to me than the QuietComfort 35, and the sound quality almost seems slightly less good than the QuietComfort 35.I could wear the original QuietComfort 35 for 24 hours without pain, while these hurt the top of my head within a couple hours (I have to wear these 10 hours straight for work).The only positive is that the noise cancellation is *significantly* better than the QuietComfort 35, everything else seems to be either equal to or worse than the QuietComfort 35.
I’m in love with these. These are my first over the ear headphones and I can’t recommend them enough. The only problem I find with them is the padding gets worn out quickly and gets soft fast probably need to put new pads in once a year most likely.
As described
Great for the price. Use them every day
🎧listing to movies and albums on my computer awesome sound very clear love these 💖5 stars a ten ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I bought these about 6 months ago and, although the sound quality is pretty decent, the battery life is absolute garbage. I bought 20 dollar headphones that would last longer than these. When I first got them, I would have the charge the base about every 2/3 days which, okay that's fine. It's six months in now, and I have had to charge them 4X in ONE week. I wish I would have never bought these and just stuck with my 20 dollar headphones. Now I'm stuck with more expensive headphones with less quality than a cheaper pair.PRO:I received the headphones in a quick and timely manner.
I purchased this product after a friend of mine purchased 5 sets and raved about it. Easy to pair, battery life is amazing and good sound quality. I end up giving that set to one of my oldest kids and ordered an second set. Again everything was great. I did have a issue with one earbud no longer working. After Amazon connected me to the company’s customer service. They were very helpful and friendly and since the problem could not be figured out and it was under the warranty they are shipping out another set. I appreciate a company that stands by their product.
Great sound, great noise cancelling, very comfortable
I love these so much more than my far more expensive air pods.Now I keep a set with my laptop and another set in my gym bag.
it's a bose. Don't need to say more
INITIAL STARTUP : Out of the box, these were really easy to connect to my iphone and the Bose Music app. However updating the firmware on the headphones took 5 hours, you can still use them throughout that time but come on! Not even my PC takes that long.CONTROLS : Just as usual, Bose products lack instructions. I consider myself fairly competent when it comes to electronics, and these were kind of hard to use at first. There is  no manual that tells you how to use the headphones, or what the  buttons do. Just a big booklet with terms and conditions and a picture that basically says "Download the Bose App". As other reviewers have stated, you need the app if you want the full features.BOSE APP : So the Bose music app can be hit or miss. Sometimes it wont recognize that the headphones are connected and you cant change the settings. When you manage to connect it and try to change something you will be greeted with a stuck white screen. After owning several Bose products, this happens to their speakers as well which is ridiculous considering this is BOSE and not some startup company. How can they make such an atrocious app when it comes to it actually working. Here are the things you can do in the app.- Change the name of the headphones.- View what devices are connected to the headphones.- Pick between google and alexa as voice assistant.- There is a "shortcut button on the headphones that can be programmed to hear the battery level or to basically turn on and off the voice assistant.- An option to see how much of your voice you can hear while on a call.- There is an ANC button that can be programmed to 3 different presets, ranging from 0-10.- How long before the headphones power off when not in use.There is no EQ.COMFORT : While these have a moderate clamping force, its not so much to the point where it just hurts. I would say these have a medium clamping force with something like the QC35s and Sony XM3s having a "soft" clamping force. I can wear these for 2-3 hours at a time. But I will always feel like "they're there". Unlike some headphones that are so comfortable that you forget you're wearing them.CABIN PRESSURE : Some ANC headphones give me and some people a feeling of pressure....as if your head is being squeezed. This definitely have some pressure feeling, but nowhere near as much as the QC 35s. I would rank them as having more cabin pressure than the Sony XM3s. However the pressure is relieved when you have ANC off. With ANC off the headphones thankfully sound the same as with it on.NOISE CANCELLING : Not much to say here, with just ANC turned out 90% of the outside world turns off, start playing your music and you basically cant hear the outside world at all.SOUND : Now to the important part. These headphones make music sound the way its intended to sound. When you listen to a song, you never feel like something is missing. You never feel like the vocals are high pitched, or like it has too much base. There is no "tiny" soundstage, or too spread out. Its hard to explain but these just have a perfect balance where you will listen to a song, and it won't make you think "I wish these had more base, mids, louder, etc". They have a very clear sound as well, they don't sound muffled at high volumes. Instrument separation is also excellent. While using these headphones I started hearing things in songs that I have never heard before. Songs don't just clutter like in other headphones where it just sounds like noise. With the 700s it feels like music is being played.MOVIES : On a last note, I tried these headphones with different movies, one that caught my attention is are the Dark Knight chase scenes since they have alot of bass, let me tell you these headphones are definitely not made for movies. It sounded so flat that you will feel absolutely nothing when watching movies, no “excitement”. I actually thought the headphones were not connected properly at first, but they were. Something to keep in mind.In case you are looking for an ANC/Non-ANC audio device, I will rank a few of the ones I own from best to worst taking into account sound quality and ANC.1) Bose 700s2) Sony XM3 : Vey close second,  Im a huge fan of these, they are better than the 700s in every single way except sound quality. The sound of the Sonys just sounds muffled compared to Bose due to too much bass. But they're still good and the Sony's are definitely much, much better for movies.3) Airpods Pro: The sound on these is actually  in between the SONY XM3s and the Bose. They sound very clear and  balanced.4) Powerbeats Pro: Surprisingly these sound very good. I would say they sound about the same as airpods pro.5) Bose QC35 : These sound the "worst" but they still sound good. To be honest these aren't worth it anymore.If you’re an ANC nerd, I bet it comes down to the SONY XM3s or the Bose 700s. The best I can say is that the Sonys are more “fun” to listen too. They have a much more exiting sound that makes you want to dance. Its more “in your face” type of feeling. However it is not as clear as the bose. The 700s sound crystal clear, its very hard to find any part of a song that sounds overdone.Can’t go wrong with either one, ANC is basically the same, it all comes down to wanting audiophile headphones (700s) or fun headphones (Sony xm3).
In general everything about the product is great, except the battery part. I had the 1st gen and now the 2nd gen. I have the same issue with the battery draining and other weird things related to the battery. It seems the AirPods stay connected even after you have them in the case. I’ve had different issues. 1) Case and AirPods drain even when I have not used them for a day or 2, so leaving them at my house, inside my car or at the office. 2) Also, when the battery seems drained both case and pods, I connect it to fast charger or regular charger, wait for about 10-15 min and the pods are now at like 60-70-80%, impossible for 10-15 min charge. So obviously it did had charge but did not connect to the iPhone or iPad. 3) Also, a few times 1 pod has 0% battery and the other is like at 80-90%. Very odd. This happened with both gens, and we got another for my wife and her’s has the same issue! I have all sort of Apple products and have been using Apple products for over 15 years. I have only had an issue with AirPods (and for about 3-4 months with iPad Air 4th gen, it turns off or crashes a lot.)
Great headphones even that these ones are the old version of beats lol
Not good
I used the headphones while working at my desk. The design is top quality and the sound is great.
The headphones are comfortable but sometimes the Bluetooth has trouble staying connected.
I love the sound quality. They are not noise canceling, but loud enough for it not to matter. The volume / track controls could be better. My problem is the swivel joint broke. All their models seem to share this construction, and therefore, same possible weak point of breakage.  I hear ppl getting replacements. I don't know how when these bastards don't reply to email.  I will try to disassemble and repair mine in time, but I went with another company for replacement.  I will not be buying this bramd again. They had their chance to address the issue with me. I could even forgive a no to replacement, but no answer after two weeks and two tries is inexcusable.  I can't say you get what ypu pay for. You can spend  anywhere in the 3 figures and still get crap construction prone to breaking.  I will be weary of swivel jointed and plastic jointed headphones in the future.  Buy metal and buy happy.
So, I've purchased around 12 different true wireless earbuds over the years, and these JLabs are an insta-buy.Now, my only complaint is that the case lid does not tilt back all the way and getting the earbuds out is tricky with my big, chunky mitts.Beside that, these earbuds are a home run for these reasons:Tiny, pocketable case. Great sound quality with EQ pre-sets. LONG battery life. Double tap to Play/Pause so you don't play/pause when touching them accidentally.Finally, they're cheap! If you've ever experienced the heartbreak of losing a Bose earbud in the toilet, you appreciate the freedom of inexpensive earbuds more.Like I said, these are an INSTA-buy!
Compré estos como reemplazo de mi Samson SR850 (unos audífonos que amé durante 2 años). Estos AGK K240 ofrecen un sonido plano, es decir, no tienen retoques en los bajos ni en los agudos. Esto me gustó mucho porque con los SR850 a veces llegaba a ser molesto y doloroso el trebble si los estabas usando con mucho volumen.Los K240 además, ofrecen mejor soundstage que  los SR850. Reproduce los sonidos de manera muy acertada, es decir, puedes identificar bien de dónde provienen las notas que producen los instrumentos. Esto también se traduce a los juegos, y combinados con el Dolby Atmos puedes llegar a disfrutar de una gran sonido.Eso sí, se recomienda tener una interfaz de audio, DAC, pre-amp o amplificador, dado que la impedancia es de 55 Ohms y sin uno de éstos, no se podrá disfrutar a plenitud. No notarás su calidad si los conectas a un teléfono celular, a una laptop o directamente a la tarjeta madre.Otro punto a tener en cuenta es que son audífonos semi-abiertos, es decir, que no aislan del ruido. Para mí esto fue un factor decisivo, porque yo ya no soporto los audífonos cerrados, ya que el sonido de estos son muy artificiales y parece que vinieran desde dentro de tu cabeza. Con los semi abiertos, en cambio, los sonidos son más frescos, naturales, además de que si eres padre de familia, como es mi caso, aún puedes escuchar cuando te echan un grito o si los niños andan haciendo travesuras =)Recomiendo estos audífonos como la mejor opción en este precio. Difícilmente conseguirás algo mejor por 1600 pesos.
These worked perfect for all of my kids ages 8-17. I got them all a pair.
Enjoy using these
War ein Geschenk für meinen Enkel und er war begeistert
Best noice cancelling ear buds hands down, I am upgrading from galaxy buds live and the noise cancelling feature is unparalleled
I do a lot of work that requires heavy concentration. The sound quality, even on a low volume, is incredible. I'm hoping these last longer than my past earbuds from other brands.
My son really loves them.
Work great !
Christmas Gift
I gave these to my daughter as a gift, and she regularly remarks how much she loves them!
The wrapping over the cord is very durable and the ear cups are comfortable. My kid uses his all the time. Going to buy another one for my daughter now that I know how good these headphones are.
Would recommend to others.
This is my second pair and both have had one ear bud not charge and it cost you to send in for warranty so it's not worth it.
Bought it for my iPad Pro since I don't have a pair lying around. The sound quality is pretty good considering the price. I have somewhat oddly shaped ears and most earbuds tend to fall out after a while, but the earbuds are surprisingly comfortable to wear and fit snugly inside my ear.
These were awesome until all of a sudden the right headphone has started to rattle like it was blown on and off very annoying. Lasted 2 months infrequent use.
